Diamond
a Precious Jewel or gemstone or it also has a meaning of warm honey color
An American name meaning with song; A woman with song
Its female form of abbÄs that is feminine head of an abbey
Its root is Hebrew origins which means joy of my father. Also its version of abbigail with suffix -e.
One who is a lady's maid
Meaning Herdsman that is a person who looks for over a flock or her
An eager, able and balanced person
The joy of my father
The rejoice of my father
The Yahweh's rejoice
The joy or happiness of Yahweh
One who impresses others and is elegant
A thoughtful, honorable and clever person
A noble wood or the nobility of wood
An invented Enlish-American name which is a possible combination of Ada and Maris
Ornament, beautiful addition to the family
A Beautiful or pleasant wood
The wood which is pleasant
A form of Addison
One with the curly hair
Noble wolf
A complete and powerful person
A fairy or a nymph counsellor
A strife of wealth, rich of wars
A desirable and understanding person
Unique, wonderful and energetic being
A rational, individualistic and approachable being
A nymph counsellor
One who earn or deserve elf powers
One who has the mystical strength
The victory of mystical powers
A mystic power from water
A mystic person from the forests
The friend of super powers
A friend of mystic power
A gift of brightness, a bright gift
A bright shining gift
A blue lake or pool, a mountain lake
A mountain lake of blue color
An orange-yellow colored gemstone from fossil resin
A beloved person, to love
A specie of butterfly. Type of butterfly
Created Name; A variant of the name Aeris
One who is friend or companion of a sea
A noble female snake
A little virgin noble snake
The virgin daughter of a noble snake
A female counsellor noble snake
Anglo-Saxon - Wife of King Ecgfrith; Old English name from 'Aethel' meaning noble and 'thryth' meaning strength
The female ruler of an estate
A mystical counsellor
Ta counsel of mystical powers
Suitable for both a girl and a Boy which means powerful, intellectual, poise, charming and attractive.
A name of a small Scottish river
One who is smart, pretty, poise, clever, intelligent, confident and kind hearted.
The Greek meaning of Agape is "Love"; loved by all or loving to everyone; spreading love; a person who is warm as love
Agase means good in Greek. A uniquely apt name for a baby girl who is obedient, not stubborn, happy, cheerful and easy going.
One who is courageous, cheerful, friendly, kind and generous
A chaste woman
A variation of Agnes, meaning the pure one
Pure
Beloved, Liked, Favorite, much loved, darling
Potential to attain power and authority in their life
Visionary, imaginative, creative
to be obeyed
Ethereal, heavenly
Powerful and complete
soul,
Unique
friendly, likeable
Avalee, Hazelnut
solid, enduring" in Hebrew
"noble gate
Irish baby name.
Messenger of God; Angel;
friendly, likeable
A Great One and it Come Signify God
oak tree
Oak
Strong
Idealistic
Devoted
Nobel, kind
Wish
Powerful and complete
Beloved
Most Congratulated.
Delicate
Female star
Spring. Flower. Source
Old English - Wood; Clearing; Meadow; Hermitage; Solitary; A derivative of the name Ainsley
Wise and powerful
A derivation of Asia, a place name
A girl who has the sweetest heart, is beautiful, stunning
One who comes from the spring with healing water
Native American - Sweet Gum Tree
Rock
Great happiness; one who of noble kind
Defended by God; Protected by God; A variant spelling is Alicia
Elf Counsel; Elf Strength; Inspired Advice; Old Peace; Supernatural Magical Counsel; A form of Elfreda
Elf Counsel; Elf Strength; Inspired Advice; Old Peace; Supernatural Magical Counsel; A form of Alfreda
Elf Spear; A variant of the name Algar
She who is noble and kind
Protected by God.
Truth, Noble
Olive Tree
A variant form of the name Alair
A feminine form of the name Alain
English name for girls
Old English lÄ"ah (wood, clearing, meadow), lee has the meaning "dweller by the wood or clearing"
Greek form of Hallelujah, a Hebrew word meaning 'praise God'. In Christianityity it's considered a joyful word of praise to God.
Elf Power, Fairy power
Elf Power, Goblin power
Elf Power
A small, often mischievous creature considered to have magical powers
A lively, mischievous child
A usually sprightly or mischievous or sometimes spiteful person
Good counselor, From the Old English name Aelfthryth
a feminine form of Alfred, meaning sage, or wise
elf counsel, elf advocate
Old Leader
Son of the Highborn
Alluring; A variant transcription of Alura
The Female's name Allure a-llu-re is a variant of Allura (Old French), and the meaning of Allure is "to entice, attract".
Alluryn based on the word Alluring means Mesmerizing or Attractive
Variants of Alice, Kind, Nobility
North-American spelling variant of the name Alison which is a diminutive form of the Norman French name Alis (Alice).
English name for girls
This name was inspired by the Aloe plant.
Prompt and practical leadership qualities in personal and professional dealings.
A rare name desiring the best filled with inspiring and sophisticated qualities.
Resourceful by nature it represents a strong personality bestowing supremacy.
An good elf counselor full of practicality and potential to reach dominance
American - Noble Reaper
Alluring; A variant transcription is Allura
Divine Counselor; With God Like Adviser; Alluring; A variant transcription is Alura
Old English - Friend of Elves; White; Blond; Elf Friend; Noble Friend
Old English - Elf Friend; Noble Friend; Latin - White; Blond; Fair One
A warm hearted young noble friend, a visionary often blessed with ingenuity and sagacious quality
An honourable defender who is flowing with passion
A forever, jewel-quality resin
A combination of name Amber and Lynn which gets a meaning of Beautiful Gem
A warm honey coated jewel- quality resin
Power of an Eagle; Modern Variant of Amold; A variant of the name Amette
Power of an Eagle; Modern Variant of Amold; A variant of the name Ametta
They are divine rulers of the universe who are noble, inoffensive and beloved
Ancient Name for Britain in England
Old Greek - Male; Manly; Brave; Virility; A variant of name Andrea
Prince Andrew; They are brave, unique and manly
Blend of Ann and Janet; Gift of God's Favor; Little Heavenly messenger; Derived from name Anne
An elegant one who is very valuable and lovable
A combination of name Anna and Beth and it means grace of the house
Variation of Hannah; a beautiful prayer
Sweetness of Face; Favor; Grace; A variant of Anna
God is Gracious; Sweetness of Face; Favor; Grace; A variant of Anna; Pure; Chaste
Sweetness of Face; Favor; Grace; A variant of Anna
God is gracious one and he has answered the prayers
Variation of Hannah; a beautiful prayer
Second; The Month April; Derivative of English name April
Second; The Month April; Spelling variant of English name April
Second; The Month April; Spelling variant of English name April
Strong as an Eagle; A variant form is Arnea and Arneah
A honorable ruler; limitless protector
Peace; resourceful and independent being
Ireland,Peace; a builder or a planner
They have a strong and majestic personality
A tree settlement; East town
A brave and bold being; modest one
A voracious and soft spoken person
The meadow of ash trees
An enclosed space filled with a meadow of Ash trees
Peaceful friend
Old English - Ash Wood; Meadow of Ash Trees; Ash Tree Clearing; Variant of the name Ashley
Old English - Ash Wood; Meadow of Ash Trees; Variant of the name Ashley; A variant form of Ashlyn
Old English - Ash Wood; Meadow of Ash Trees; Ash Tree Clearing; Variant of the name Ashley
Old English - Ash Wood; Meadow of Ash Trees; Ash Tree Clearing; Variant of the name Ashley
The one who loves their neighbor; a meadow
Meadow of ash tress
One who is the meadow of ash trees
Old English - Ash Wood; Meadow of Ash Trees; Ash Tree Clearing; Variant of the name Ashley
Filled with aspirations; an imaginative and kind hearted individual
Old English - Ash Wood; Meadow of Ash Trees; Ash Tree Clearing; Variant of the name Ashley
Old English - Ash Wood; Meadow of Ash Trees; Ash Tree Clearing; Variant of the name Ashley
A meadow of Ash trees; undaunted
Old English description for ash wood
Old English - Ash Wood; Meadow of Ash Trees; Ash Tree Clearing; Variant of the name Ashley; Irish - Dream; Vision
Old English - Ash Wood; Meadow of Ash Trees; Ash Tree Clearing; Variant of the name Ashley; Irish - Dream; Vision
A name which means dream
Old English - Ash Wood; Meadow of Ash Trees; Ash Tree Clearing; Variant of the name Ashley; Irish - Dream; Vision
Old English - Ash Wood; Meadow of Ash Trees; Ash Tree Clearing; Variant of the name Ashley
Ash Tree Settlement; Town of Ash Trees; Ash Tree Town; Ash wood; A variant of the name Ashley
One who has expressive and optimistic being
The Aspen Tree
Aspen tree; flutter even in the slightest breeze
A self-content, logical and amusing person
One who is a like a star; gateway
Name of a place in Queens, New York
Latin word for stars
An active and pleasure loving individual
One who is a shining star lover
Goddess of Wisdom; Wise; Praise; A variant form of name is Athena
Infinite; they lack patience, are serious and idealistic
A risk taker; one who has progressive and free thinking
A lonesome, hopeful and energetic being
One who guards and is immortal
One who has eager personality; educated one
At the Elder Tree; From the elder tree grove; A variant of name Atilda
One who is the friend of people; compatible being
At the Elder Tree; From the elder tree grove; A variant of name Athilda
Someone who lives near the woods
Someone who is at the elder tree
A noble and a bright girl
A generous and a bright girl
A noble English girl
They are disciplined and well organized
A noble person
Rules with wisdom
Logical, fun loving and exciting person
A golden meadow
A golden horizon
A person who sits on the Golden hill
A reddish brown or golden colour
A little bird
Nobility or a person's strength
Old English name for nobility and strength
Noble strength
An old, wealthy and prosperous being
Servant of a high one; a capable
Name of a saint
Old word meaning divine and strength
A noble and a generous girl
The divinity,nobility, strength
The ultimate strength
The holiest, patient and most magical
Amusing, good tempered and tidy being
They are Elf counsellor; fortunate and healthy
A family oriented, loving and caring individual
A compassionate, hard working and good natured person
One who has a goal; sure footed and rigid
A girl with a noble strength
A girl who is an Elf Counsellor
A normal, forgiving and sharp witted individual
One who has great inner peace; main pillars of family
A holy, sure footed and hard working person
English - Aura; Golden
Morning star; aurora of beauty and wind; princess
English - A great huntress
A trusted human being; friend of the people
One who has strong mental growth and intelligence
An insightful, accurate and adorable person
The fourth season of a year; naive and eager
A fall season; one who is born in the fall
A divine person; they are advanced and mature
The one who provides life and support
One who is sensitive, rich and humble
Name of a paradise island; an apple
Name of a sweet singing bird
A planner at heart; honest being
One who has many outlets for energy
A pretty,young and bright individual
English - Woman of great strength; Powerful; Small and Strong Woman; A variant of name Avarielle
English - Woman of great strength; Powerful; Small and Strong Woman; A variant of name Avariella
To hail or to bow down; interesting person
An easygoing and eager personality
One who is the Hazelnut tree
A deserving individual; passionate
One who has a creative bend of mind
One with a creative bend of mind; honest
One who is born to rule the Elves
One with noble strength
Confirmation; they are an Elf ruler; a sage
A high rank born child; they are charismatic
They are focused on the goals and dreams
One who is a happy father and provides joy
A planner; they have emotional security
German name
A bird who is desired by everyone
Obedient and able person; rational
A field near the river
One who is a wise ruler
The fourth month; to blossom
The month of April
Beautiful month of April; opening buds
They are many fortunate and happy
Opening buds of April; blossom
A noble and kind being
Majestic and dignified human being
A successful Elf counsellor
A god who is oath
A native person; naive and happy
One who is a blossoming flower
An amusing, intuitive and caring person
Assertive and youthful person
A level headed, honest and lovely human being
Old English - Wood; Clearing; Meadow; Hermitage; Solitary; A derivative of the name Ainsley
Sky-blue; A variant form of name Azure;
An administrator or a manager; a Goddess
One who can reach great heights and depths
A hard working steward person
One who has the desire to uplift humanity
Paisley; unique and majestic
One who keeps the communal kitchen
Means to be idealistic, generous and forgiving.
Means to be idealistic, generous and forgiving.
It symbolizes wisdom and knowledge and an analytical mind.
It symbolizes enthusiasm and optimism.
A genuine and attentive person
It means intelligent, valued and brilliant.
The name means a bailiff or a law enforcer
The name means responsibility and considerable.
A tropical tree-like plant and it's edible fruit.
Edge of the River
Right; Appropriate
Georgian form of Barbara, meaning the foreign
A comic book by Jean-Claude Forest
Collective land of the Berber people
a protective circular armour support for a heavy gun turret
Traveler from a Foreign Land; In Catholic Custom St Barbara is a Protectors Against Fire and Lightning; Strange; Foreign
a person whose job involves preparing and serving different types of coffee
English naem for girls
Lawyer
Means 'fragrance, sweet-smelling' in Hebrew.
English name for girls
Diminutive of Barbara; Strange; Foreign
Beautiful
bailiff; berry wood
Bailiff, fine looking, attractive
evictor
Public Official;
A battle maid
Warrior Maid
A fortress
English name for girls
A little one
She who is beautiful
A river bank
Blessed, Holly,
Provider Of Joy
Explorer through Life;
Brings Joy
We like the fact that it sounds like David Bowie's last name.
Beauty
Short form of Rebecca
Captivating; Bound; Form of Rebecca; Tied; Joined
A free spirited one
Surname, meanis widow
English name for girls
Diminutive of Beatirce, meaning one that brojngs happiness
English name for girls
A Basque name, shortened from Nuestra Seora de Begoa ("Our Lady of Begoa"), a Roman Catholic epithet of the Virgin Mary Begoa, Spain
A noble woman who is berautiful
A free spirited girl
River Goddess
A surname that means people from the homestead of bears
Derived From Belle
A bashful, nonchalant and tender individual
An understanding, positive and responsible individual
A place of fens that belong to the burg. A surname
A variation of Emma, means an universal, whole person
An easy going, simple and muscular individual
Beauty, excitement and wonderment, curious, artistically inclined to make an impact on the world as we know it
Blessed
Well Born; Kindly
One who is the servant of God; strong and brave
One who is filled with high levels of energy and has sixth sense
A blessed girl
Female Version of Bentley; Meadow of Grass
Female Version of Bentley; From the Meadow of Grass
Meadow of Grass
A farm house or a farm place
She who comes from teh place of cow barns
A form of beort, meaning bright and famous
She is a strong woman
Shining Battle-maid
Bright Counselor
Spear-bearer Maid
Maiden of the Bear-spear; Maiden
Victorious
Birch tree clearing; a beautiful prayer
A place name, after the capital city of Germany
Bear; Courageous; Feminine of Bernard
She who Brings Victory
A woman who brings victory
Bernita (Bear, or brave) has been said to be a blend of Bernice and Juanita; means "harbinger (messenger) of victory"
Noble and Shining; Pale Green Gemstone
Bear
Noble; Shining; Bright
Seems to be a feminine form of Berten; brave person
Noble; Shining; Bright
A short from Elisabeth, meaning my God is my oath
Musical
Goddess
A person who is pious and worships God
House of God
A woman for whome the God is in her oath
Her God is her promise
A woman who is a blessed traveler
A name meaning God is my oath
Pledged to God; God's Promise; God is My Oath
Consecrated To God
Bettie is an alternate form of Betty Both can be used as a short form of Elizabeth, Bethanne, or Bethany, or as independent names
A combination of the names Betty and Lou; it has quick and active mind
She who lives near the beavr's creek
Beaver-stream
From the Beaver Meadow; Beaver Stream
derived from a place name meaning "beaver stream"
Near The Meadow Of The Beavers
Beaver-stream
She who dwells near the beaver stream
Beaver-stream
beaver stream or meadow
Variation ofbeaver stream or meadow
Variant of Beaver-stream
Light; White; Shining; A Shakespearean baby name meaning Tragedy of Othello' Mistress of Cassio
She who made a pledge to God
Wife
A woman pledged to God
A variant of Becca, meaning a snare
Shy, timid; One who is confused
A woman of the farm
Pretty snake; A Diminutive of Belinda
A diligent person; quick and understanding
Form of Bianca; White; Blessed
Unusual Nature Name
birdlike, a child's term for a bird, a score of one stroke under par at a hole in Golf
Little bird
Unusual Nature Name
A responsible, deserving and technical individual
A happy, versatile and imaginative individual
You are Unique
One who likes to be in association and has sense of duty
One who can appreciate life and find success
A creative, sensitive and loving individual
Pale
Pale-skinned; Dark
Pale-skinned; Dark; Pale Meadow
A dark-complexioned man sho shines
From the Dark Moor
Pale-skinned; Dark
Pale-skinned; Dark
Pale-skinned; Dark
She who comes from the clearing of dark wolves
Means "blossom".
From the French, meaning "White Flower"
Female Version of Blair; Flatland
An individual who likes devotion towards work and life
A woman who is blessed
Consecration
Blessing; Lucky Thing; Good Thing
Consecrated
Yiddish name meaning "blossom."
Perfect Joy
A very strong woman
Independant or blissfull or contented.
Happy; merry, glad and lighthearted person
Joy
A woman who is craftsman who uses blocks
Fair-haired; Variation of the Spanish Blandina; Flattering
Fresh
Flower Name
A name of the instrumental jazz,blues song
Delight; Joy; Happiness
carefree
Happy
A Queen of the Iceni Victory; Name of a Heroic Queen of Early Britain
Bright Fame; Strange
Bright Fame
Bright Fame
bright famous one; famously famous
bright famous one; famously famous
A woman who is like a doe
A person who excels in every field; responsible
She who brings good joy
One with a good faith
A sensitive, unique and inspirational person
it is the name of a queen of the iceni tribe of the british empire.
female derivation of the name "Braxton"
A name of a place; hailing from the Barley settlement
A broad, wide piece of land or field
A person who is intelligent, bright and wise
A high and elevated woman
The name of a place
A broad, wide hill that has got a lot of space
A glorious and wise person
A version of the name Branca, means white and fair woman
Fire or sword
Derived from "brandy" meaning an alcoholic beverage
Derived from Brandy, which is an alcoholic beverage
A beverage used as alcohol; an alcoholic beverage
Alcoholic spirit; an alcoholic beverage
A ruddy alcoholic beverage
A distilled form of wine; distilled wine
An alcoholic beverage or spirit
Derived from Brandy, an alcoholic beverage
An alcohlic beverage, or spirit
The distilled form of wine
A raven that is fair
The raven; a black bird that resembles a crow
A liquor name; the name of an alcohol
An alcoholic beverage or spirit
The name of an alcoholic beverage
An alcoholic beverage name
A fiery or burning sword
The town of Bracca
Cheerful and free spirited
Coming from a broad hillside
Hailing from a broad hillside
An independent, lively, religious and defined person
Honourable, strong and virtuous
One who is bold as a raven
One who is strong and honourable
Hailing from the boundary line
One who hails from the boundary
A noble and exalted person
A wind that flows fast
Like a fast flowing wind
Responsible and able individual; level headed
A well mannered, refined and target oriented person
One who is an organizerm talented and reasonable person
Blessing; Grace; Favour
An alluring, perfect, materialistic and humble being
A sharp weapon; a sword
A sword, which is a sharp weapon; can also mean beaconed or fiery hill
A raised land;a hill
One who is as as strong and as brave as a bear
Confident, strong, virtuous and noble by nature
A brother; bond by blood
The blessed Son of the South
An exalted and noble woman
One who is from the hill
A noble woman from the hill
One who is like a shrub or a small tree
A female english name
An old english name for girls
An english baby girl name
An idealistic, tactful, individualistic and candid person
The dance from the hilly area
Daredevil, level headed and a balanced individual
Famous, easy going and humble human being
A woman with great strenght
A word name, a bridge
A person who is from the meadow near the bridge
She is from the fields near the bridge
An exalted woman
An ascending, exalted lady
A woman who is moving up in life
A strong woman og noble birth
A woman like small rose with prickly thorns
A powerful and strong woman
A place name in Britain, a village near the bridge
An indicative, materialistic and versatile person
A unique individual who can speak out the heart
A person who is a desire system and maintains order
One who is from the Brigham Lane
A noble man from the woodland meadow
One who is like a briar wood
He is from the land of hills. A surname
A name Lord Conway made up for his daughter
A shining and glowing appereance
A female name, a woman who shines
One who comes from the Brinca's Field
An english female name, very rare
A name of an enchantress
A strong woman. Can also mean one who is from Britain
A place name. One who is from Britain
A woman from Britain
One who is from an ancient Bretagne in France
A girl who lives in Britain
A little one who is from Britain
One from little Britain
A British woman
A woman from the island of Britain
An island of Britain
One who is from an island of Britain
One from the British island
A girl from British lands
One from an ancient Bretagne province in France
A british girl
A girly English name
She who lives in Britain
One whose roots are from Britain
A name of the girl from Britain
A bright and clear frined
A girl with British origins
She is British
A woman from Little Britain
To be from Britain
A varian from Brittney, meanin one from Britain
One who is from the british lands
To live on the lands of Britain
Her home are the British lands
One from ancien Bretagne province
She is of british origins
A woman whose origins are from British lands
To come from Briton, a region in France
She is from Briton
Derived from former province in France, from Breton
One from former nothen French Province
A woman who is from the Little Britain
She is from little Britain
A little woman from Britain
A man from Britain
A place name, an island of Britain
She is very British
A person who is very British
A British one
A Brit woman
One who acts British
She is a British girl
She is a British woman
A land of British people
She comes from the British lands
Her home is Britain
Woman from the lands of Britain
To be British
She is a true British woman
She was born on the island of Britain
A lady from Britain
A woman who comes from Britain
A girl from Britain
She is a girl of Britain
A woman whose home is in Britain
A lady who came from Britain
She who is from Britain
A female who is from Britain
A person whose homeland is Britain
Britain is her homeland
A woman of British origin
One with britsh roots
A woman of British roots
A girl with British roots
One who comes from Britain
One who is from Little Britain
A young girl from Little Britain
A british girl name
She who comes from Britain
A woman who came from Britain
She whose roots are from Britain
A woman of British lands
She who belongs to Britain
The beutiful lands of Britain
A woman who is british
A young girl from Britain
A girl of British heritage
Of British heritage
She who is of British heritage
A woman of British heritage
A woman who is Britain native
A tought woman
To make a pladge
A woman from a little broom meadow
A girl from the meadow covered with broom
She is like a tunder
A coppery-brown color
One who lives near a brook or a stream
A woman from the stream
A woman who comes from the brook
A stream of water, a brook
A woman from the water stream
A girl from the stream
A little one from the water stream
A bush of thorny wild roses
A strong one from the woodland meadow
A courageous woman from the hill
A brave woman
A woman who is a good horse rider
A woman who comes from the hill
A strenght and a force in the person
An ascending victor
A victorious and praised woman
She is a praised woman
One who wears a ribbon
She who is pledged to the God
On of carefree and free spirit
To tie hair int a knot
She brings victory to men
To be like a little rabbit
From the rhyme about the baby bunting
A strong lady
A woman of brown hair
An ecology of the place. The flora and fauna
She is a little bird
To be like a little bird
One who is like a flowering shrub
A desert plant
A free woman
A rhytmhmic person
A rhytmic woman, one with the beat
A pure hearted woman
A flow of sounds that has rhytm
A girl with good rhytm
A rhytmic girl
A heavenly girl
She is pure
A woman who is pure
Short for caitlyn, means a pure one
A rhythmic person
A vonfiding space
One who is caged and trapped
A ceremonial and young attendant
A girl, a female
One who comes from the valley near the river
One who is victrious
A piece proclamation
A fair and pure woman
She is from the cold spring
A woman known for beauty
A tough person
A cloth, a material
The loved one
A woman warrior
A woman who is powerful in the battle
The  name means lark
A place name, one from Cambria
An inveted modern name
She has a crooked nose
She brings joy
A name of the flower
One who is like Camelia flower
She is like a Camelia flower
Her nose is crooked
One of crooked nose
She attends ceremonials
A woman of unblemished character
She is a virgin of pure character
A pure virgin
Her nose is beautifuly crooked
She has a bent nose
She is very noble
She is a flower
She is a priest's helper
A virgin with a pure character
A pure and sincere woman
A woman of clarity
A sparkling, glowing woman
She is white and bright
Woman who is pure and honest
A word name, candle
A white. pure and honest woman
A Queen Mother
A very large ravine, a canyon
A settlement; pure, nonchalant and generous
She who is from Capri, Italy
A zodiac sigh, a goat
One who is free
She protects the hinges
A woman's name from England
She is a free woman
A full grown, adult woman
A caring one
She is both feminine and mainly
She who acts like a man
A loved girl
She is a loved one
A little dear girl
A woman who acts like a man does
A free peasant woman
She is a free peasant girl
A woman who is free
A free peasant girl
She is free and a peasant girl
A mainly free woman
A girl who acts mainly
This woman is free
Woman who loves her freedom
She is free lady
She who is born as a free person
A free-born person
A woman who has her freedom
A girl who has freedom
She has her freedom
A free and pretty lady
She has freedom
A little, free one
She who has freedom
She who is little and free
She who is like a song
One who portects the body
A woman who defends the fortress
A female who is manly strong
A hymn or a song
A noble girl who act mainly
A female with male strenght
A song of joy and happiness
A blissful, happy song
A name of the mountin
She is a manly woman
A pure man who is free
A strong woman
A noble strong girl
A person from the Marsh town
A little free woman
A song, a carol
A gracious and womanly woman
To fall, a cascade
A falling, descending land
A very vain woman
A vain girl
A pet from Cassandra, meaning  a phrophetess
An empty, vain woman
A man who is empty
A vain young woman
The speed of the God
A place where people live
A small dwelling place
She is like a thorny tree
A castle. One who lives in a castel
He is from a castle
A cat-like woman. Also a nickname
An innocent and pure girl
An innocent and genuine woman
She is innocent and unsullied
An unsillied and innocent girl
A pure woman
A nickname, means a pure woman
A pure and genuine, innocente woman
She is pure and innocente
A genuine and innocent young lady
She is pure
Short for Catherine, meaning a pure girl
She is an innocente young woman
She is a woman of purity and innocence
She is a pure and innocente one, a virgin
She is innocen and a virgin
A pure, genuine dame
She is a dame of innocence and purity
A maiden, innocente and pure
She is a pure maiden
A woman pure as a wolf
A nickname. A pure dame
A woman who is pure, innocnet
A chaste woman
A chaste dame
An innocent, pure, genuine woman
She is pure and  an innocent girl
She is the chaste one
The one that is pure and innocente
The one pure woman
One who herds the cettle
A name of the dog of King Artur
A spicy person
Logical, sensitive, secretive and practical natured person
One who is like a clover
One from the coniferous tree
She is the one who is loved and kind
It means blind; they are the sixth one
A beautiful flower; a swallow bird
The song of joy
The one who takes God as the oath
A beautiful and young girl
Variant of Celi; an altar of the sky
A fantasy name derived from Cecilia
A creative and artistic individual
The throat
A loyal, brilliant and restless individual
Well-read and intelligent individual
Naughty, amusing and beloved
Charity; Cherry red color
Blind; they are talented musician
Ship's victory
A charismatic, sensitive person
The one who is born in battle
English - Chalice; A variant of name Chalice
The seaport; Landing place of chalk
A type of Parrot
A Parrot
A wise and charming being
An imaginative individual
A stony place near river
A cheerful and friendly individual who sings perfectly
Mayhem; state of confusion
Place of worship
A strong and virile human being
A responsible, friendly, loving individual
The one who does charity
The one who gives donation
One having full rights
A bold, independent, interesting person
Feminine of Charles
A charming name
Charming girl who is a born Princess
A female child born out of love
A royalty; free woman
A wise one who understands everything
Song of happiness
A shy and perspective peacemaker
The one who dwells on hunting ground
Filled with strength
Palace of the fairy; ; life
A Seaport
A landing place; port for chalk
Port made for chalk
Bank of a river
A port for limestone
Name of a place in London
Place for chalk transportation
A giving, loving, warm and agreeable person
A beautiful princess
Dear One; Darling; Germanic - Man; Freeman; Hebrew - Singer; Plain; Variant of Cherie, Cherilyn
Beloved sweetheart
The dearest one
A beloved sweetheart
A darling person
Variant of Cheryl; a beautiful individual
A sweet singer
One who brings praise for the parents
A treasure
A true, resourceful person
Coral; mesmerizing beauty
State of happiness
A darling friend
Plain individual; a singer
A determined, born leader
A fruit bearing tree
Name derived from a fruit
Coral; a virgin
A maiden
Clearing camp
Grove of Oak
A treasured individual
Young Chicken
Bearer of Lord Jesus, the son of God
Follower of lord Jesus
Someone who has faith in Christianityity religion
Follower of lord Jesus, the almighty
One who follows the preachings of Jesus Christ
Follower of Jesus and his preachings
One who is a follower of Christianityity religion
One who follows the teachings of Jesus
Follower of teachings of Jesus
A Jesus Christ follower; Christianity
Alternate form of Christianity
One who follows Jesus Christ's teachings
Christ bearer; Christianity
Another name of Chrysanthemum, a golden flower
Christ bearer; Christianity
Clover; a plant of the pea family that can also be used for fodder
A cheerful person who is focused and reasonable
One who is loved by all; beloved
A name that is derived from the country China
Based on the name of the country China
A female nickname for the names ending with ci
A name for fortune-teller, one who predicts the future
A type of insect that makes loud noise at night
One who is blind; i.e. unable to see due to dysfunctioning of eyes
A wide meadow; a piece of land filled with grass
A clay material used for many purposes
An angel; a messenger of God
Something that is circular and rolls about itself
Ancient; antique; relic; A nickname for Priscilla White, who was an ancient British singer of 1960s
One who presides; ruler; emperor; lord; king; maharaja
Bright; attractive; shiny
An abbreviation for the names Cynthia and Lucinda
Dimunitive or abbreviation for the name Cynthia
Abbreviation for Cinderella, Cynthia and Lucinda
A spice, added to food for flavour
A successful person who likes to be reasonable
Lady; woman; mistress; or the female term for Ciril
Blind; one who cannot see; one who lost the sense of vision
Derived from Cecilia, meaning blind; one who cannot see
An English name derivated from Lassy
Clover; a part of the pea family that is used as a fodder
A plant that is herbaceous and is used as fodder for animals
Famous; dazzling; bright; clear
Famous; dazzling; bright; clear
One's beloved; loved; a bright and clear pearl
A combination of blue and pink colours
Clear and bright; appealing and dazzling
Something that is clear and bright
Derived from the name of an English river
Shiny; dazzling; brilliant; appealing
A clear and bright maden
A beauty that is illuminated and appealing
Something that is bright and attractive
A clear woman
Clear, bright and dazzling
Bright, vivid, dazzling and clear
One who has fame, and is the brightest of all
Clear; obvious; free of objections; unclouded
A woman's name
As mentioned in the New Testament, it is the feminine form of 'Claudius', a 7th century saint
A town situated near a place called Clayland
A Roman herione who acted in the Classical era
A type of a climbing stemmed plant; a vine plant
Gentle; mild; soft; warm and hearty
One who is very gentle, kind and soft hearted
Merciful; tender; forgiving; soft hearted
Derived from Clement, meaning gentle and merciful
Short from of Cleopatra, which means glory and fame
A wandering group of people
To call on someone; to call someone
One who lives in the hills; who resides in the hills
Derived from 'Clover', the name of a flower from the pea family
A plant that origins from the pea family and is a fodder plant for animals
One who acts as a supplanter; one who replaces or takes place of someone else
The one who rules; king or lady
One who is very helpful and helps others in need
A cushion or pillow; a cloth stuffed with cotton, normally used for furniture purpose
A determined, talented and fierce individual
A cushion; a pillow; a cloth that is stuffed with cotton and is used as furniture
Heaven; a place where God is supposed to reside
A young woman; a girl
A young woman who is charming, lovely and delightful
Derived from the Irish name meaning Girl, a young lady
Triumph of men against an enemy; victory of men
Derived from an Irish word "Colleen" meaning girl, a young woman
A young woman; a girl
Hero; a courageous person, who is respected and admired by all
Steadfast, reliable and trustworthy
Reliable and steadfast; can be depended on
Maker of wooden objects like tubs, buckets, barrels, etc
A purchased land; a land that is bought
Derived from the name of a place
A story of a girl with enamel eyes
A young, unmarried woman; Maiden
A maiden; a young unmarried woman
Maiden; a beautiful unmarried young woman
A jewel that is made from coral plants, obtained from oceans
A young, unmarried girl; a maiden
One who is considered as the daughter of the sea in mythologies
A maiden; a young, beautiful woman
An unmarried, young woman; a maiden
Maiden; a beautiful, young, unmarried, virgin woman
A young, unmarried virgin; a Maiden
A maiden; a young, unmarried woman
Good hearted, generous, cheerful and nonchalant
Good hearted person, who is generous and nonchalant
A maiden; young, unmarried virgin woman
Derived from "Corinna", meaning Maiden, a young unmarried woman
A dweller of court; a courtier; one who lives in court
Triumph of the people; victory of people
A beautiful, unmarried young woman
Feminine equivalent of the word "count"
One who maintains a top position
One who has a versatile nature
Courtland; Also means "From the court"
Well mannered; Polished; Courtly; Courteous
Well Behaved and mannered; Polished; Courtly; Courteous
Lives in the court; Courtdweller
Domain of the Curtius; It is an alternative version of "Courtney"; Courteous
Domain of the Curtius; It is an alternative version of "Courtney"; Courteous
Domain of the Curtius; Courteous; Courtdweller
Silent; Steady like forest
Woods; one who is of best quality
Little thing; Derived from the word "cose" which means little,small
Graceful; Pleasant; Kind
Faithful; Trustworthy; Honourable
A woman of Faith; Feminine of "Creed"
Habitant of the Native land Creole
One who loves solitude and is bold
Derived from the Biblical name "Christianity"; Follower of Christ
Someone who is reputed and honourable
Resembling a chirping insect of the night;
A strong, scintillating, deep red colour; Synonyms in Thesaurus include bloody, blush, rose
Crystal; Clear; Bright
Feminine of "Crispin"; Frizzyhaired
Invariant of the word "Crystal"; Clear; Pure
Clear and transparent, A variant of the name "Crystal"
Woman of faith
Faithful woman
Colorless glass
A clear glass
Able and naive
A noble, alluring person
Creative and attractive people
Untiring; a zealous individual
A serious and aggressive individual
Mother of Arthur; together
A skilled, talented person
An adept, nice and a strict person
Clover plant
Unselfish, honest and tidy being
A literary person
Love and caring
Fortress of the Queen
Queen's huge fortress
A naive, tactful being
Queen's estate
Greenish blue in color
Shepherdess; Goddess
Derived from St. Denis
A born leader
Name of an English place
A beautiful, darling daughter
Monster of Sea
An inspiring woman
Meadow of the royalty
A famous warrior; war heroine
A proud, noble person
A bright child
The Greek Moon-Goddess
The one from Kynthos
An optimistic, fun-loving person
Well-Spoken
A consistent being
A sensible being
Rebellious natured
The one who is admired
A confident, self assured person
The one who is followed
Noble beautiful being
An innocent, well spoken person
Beautiful lady
A cheerful girl
A woman from Kynthos
The one who follows Christ
Judge; one who imparts justice
An angel of death
Dramatic and easy going
A very small valley
A created name
Eyes of day
Beautiful dawn
Pretty flower
Good natured individual
Child of Adam
A flower
Variant of name Daisy
The one who is alive
Name of a flower
Day for an eye
The one who cannot be explained
A beautiful flower
They belong to a person
One who lives by the valley
Small valley
A beautiful valley
Precious little jewel
The educated one
To delay
A resting place
Beloning to a valley
A lady
Methodical; process
Intelligent and brave
The one from Denmark
Peaceful nature
Determined and confident individual
A brave woman
An ethical person
A fictional name
From Denmark
One who is at cross
Lord is a judge
A feminine Lord
A lovely person
Very noble
One loved by all
Derived from Airelle
A Deer Park
Grazing park for Deer
A free man
Name of a place where Deer graze
Vindicated one
Hidden from everyone
A good worker; hidden
A beloved individual
One who is dearly loved
A beloved, talented person
Meaning dearling
A devoted darling
One who is loved by all
Good person
Yahweh is great
One born with special talents; flower
A high bank
An analytical, diligent person
A beautiful and loving person
A merciful, gentle and the name of Puritans
Feminine of David; One who has strong spiritual powers
Beloved and lovely person
A lovely and brave individual who rules
A bright and brilliant Finn
A daybreak; one who needs to be avenged
Daybreak time
During daybreak
A serious-minded, energetic individual
The sunrise; spiritual
Refreshing daybreak
Protective by nature; emerging daylight
A romantic individual
An inspiring and leading personality; daybreak
A wholesome and diplomatic person
Daybreak; they seek freedom
Time when light appears
One from the friend
A dale; sensitive and emotional
An idealist; a youthful and lonely being
Variant of Dana; from Denmark
Kindhearted being; variant of Dana
Name of a dairy town
One who is excellent in philosophy
One who has deep truths hidden inside
One who is a perfect blend of divinity and power
One who has a passion for creativity
They are the guardians who protect
An angel or a messenger of God
A divine being who is beautiful of all
A balanced and daring person
One who is in search of something new
Fate; One who is certain of the future
Tenth month of the calender; pure one
Most powerful woman; a tragic character
One who has fulfilled the desires and is divine
A sacred and most beautiful Goddess
Divine person; one who is loved by all
A divine being who is and master of many arts
A divine valley; decoration
A popular and sweet being
A religious person
A vindicated and nature loving being
A level-headed, kind and honest person
One who achieves dreams; passionate
One who has already been made
A refined person; sensitive one
One who is born out of air
A friendly, honest and compassionate being
A romantic and humble person
Form of Lisa; delightful person
A highly immaginative being
A youth who provides pleasure
One who is born to give joy to others
One who makes others happy and is delightful
They have taken God as their vow
Stable and humble; in search of security
A bright and noble personality
Sorrow; one who is near seashore
A satirical, eager and rational person
One who has taken God as his oath
A lovable and independent person
Fertility and harvest Goddess
A vindicated and humble human being
Avenged; a divine and godly being
A daredevil and eager individual
One who is a combination of flower valley and divinity
A stable and broadminded person
A determined, dedicated and truthful being
Variant of Deneen; follower of law
Follower of God; a true being
One who lives in a valley
A courageous person; divine being
Self expressing person; dedicated one
A church leader of a valley; follower of Dionysius
A valley; one who follows church
Name of a town in Colorado
Bulgarian form of Deborah, meaning bee.
One who is of highest value
They have a brilliant and of high value; Diamond
An untamed person; colorless and sharp stone
They are of great and high value; precious stone
A precious Diamond stone; brilliant
They protect men; Goddess of hunt
Virgin Goddess of Moon
One who has great sense of humour; steady one
A born princess; they have a unique sense of style
Eloquent; one who has given a word
One who can provide shelter
One who loves to protect
A trusted individual; artistic ability
A special type of cotton cloth
Trembling water body; a river
A divine person; advent of a heavenly figure
One who has a hearty kingdom
One who is a Mother of Aphrodite
Water coming out of a sacred spring
Pure water coming from a sacred spring
A long haired young person; God of wine
One who has a lot of happiness
A divine; Godlike creature; respect
The French word for ten; southern state
They are majestic and precious beings
A person who is smart,intelligent and fun to be with
Low and rolling hills.
It is used to denote a lumpish person
A person who is adaptable and creative
It means 'Gift of God'
Vision, It means Gift of God
Derived from the word dolly it means 'Gift of God'
Gift of God; a blessing
It means 'Sorrow' in Spanish
Way of Suffering,Painful path
A special person who belongs to the God
Someome who can easily mingle with people
An outgoing and youthful person
They can easily relate and spread happiness
It means a respectful title given to a lady.
They are able, naughty and naive human being
Form of Donn; one who is from underworld
One who is great in expressing themselves
One who is dark in color
A creative individual who is a Gift of God
A determined individual who shows compassion towards all
A beautiful and lovely creaure who is worth all the praise
They are caring and daring individuals
A tactful and daring person; happy at heart
The one who is gift sent from heaven; introverts
One who has a vision and is freedom loving
A tactful and daring person; happy at heart; nurturing
Tribe near the sea
A dark colored individual; in need of freedom
A discreet and outspoken person; nurturing
A wonderful person who is a gift from God
A confident and mature individual
A present who is sent by the God; prepared
Name of a great Saint; compassionate individual
They are loving and stable people; god's gift
God who sends a gift on Earth
They are virtuous and noble being
They are precious and are a gift from God
A beautiful Dove; they are unique
One who has a pleasing personality
An attractive, vigilant and beautiful person
One who has noble strength and is modern
A strong and manly person
They are sleepy and doze off
Mighty , Strong
They are reliable and confident people
Fruitful; they are blessed
Little dark One
Minute details loving person; exciting
Beautiful and majestic creature
A civilized and humble being; sweet
One who maintains a lasting impression
A loving, nurturing and happy person
A nickname for girls
One who freely expresses
A woman of a high rank
They are freedom loving beings
The one who is direct, impulsive and natty
They are impulsive and good natured
They are wonderful human being
A noble and kind hearted person
A wonderful and glorious girl
A redional name for the fair lady
A versatile and very creative person.
It means Wealthy.
A person who loves to help the less-fortunate.
It means Wealthy.
Ethical and good natured person
A reserved nature person.
A fortunate and precious person
Amusing and diligent person
One who is blessed with riches and prizes
A brave and manly bearer
It means Wealth or Richness.
Feminine form of Edwin it means 'Rich Friend'.
It means 'Rich Friend' .
One who has a heart of gold
An encouraging, alert and honest being
A lonely, bright and wonderful being
One who has a lot of strength
They are a wish come true
The son of Alice
One who comprises of the whole universe
An expressive and good-natured women.
One who loves to share and care
A compassionate and passionate being
A happy, straight and positive person
One who is worthy to be proud of
A frank, lonesome and experienced being
One who is very rigid and determined
Energetic, noble and high spirited person
An amusing, forward and high honoured individual
A self maintained and happy individual
An imaginative, warm and neat being
A habitational name; clearing
It means a noble warrior.
It means Princess; it also means Noble Warrior in Old English
The name Earlena means a very noble women.
Noble Women; It means shield in spanish.
It means eagle wood.
It is feminine form of Earl meaning Noble Women.
One who has vigor and is serious minded
A serious and loving individual
One who has a powerful mind
The mother Earth
Ambitious, thrifty and honest being
A friend of sea
A self contented; hard working and daring
It means a noble waterfall
It means noble maiden.
It means a magnificient waterfall
A very friendly and poised person .
One who is a dark beauty
A clever,practical and inventive sort of person.
One who is exceptionally good; a great individual
Peace; quiet; harmony; a heroic name
Delight; joy; One who has great ambition and strength
powerful divine person
One who has strong spirit and is idealistic
An independent; protector and saviour; wealthy friend
One who is full of joy and is a delight
Strive for wealth; to get good profit after a deal or winning a war
An uncertain person;pleasing; divine; like a god
God is gracious; one who is rich or blessed
One who is born to live and prosper
An expensive gift
A happy song which is very sweet
One who is known to bring success in every area
One who can bring success
One who has fought the war; found victory
One who is striving for wealth
Aggressive and encouraging human being
Work hard for wealth and health
One who is like a high waterfall
Rich helper; one who helps the needy
A wealthy person who is like a queen
Belongng to God; they are the one who are faithful
A kind hearted person; generous
A blessed guardian
Wealthy protector and filled with conciousness
Rich defender; one who is like a wealthy guard
Guardian of riches; one who has great desire
Wealthy defender; they are guarding the property
One who is wealthy defender
Rich in friendship; one who has aged like wine
Wealthy friend; one who has a rich heart
Rich in friendship; onw who cares a lot
Good friend; one who is rich in friendship
A valuable and wealthy friend
Who can strife for wealth
One who is attractive and well mannered
The gifts or possessions won after the war
Luxirious and costly presents
A strong warrior
Warrior who is strong as Bear
A good and majestic great leader
Bright sword; onw which is shining and lavish
Bright sword; which is very powerful
A bright and shinning sword
One who is talented and understanding
A likable person who loves to travel
One who believes in God
Bird; a versatile and creative being
Good elf; reticent and serious one
A hardworking individual
One who is blessed with six gifts of womanhood
A cheerful and magical person; who is majestic
Each one of the two; famous rulers
An enchanting human being
One who is of the high born rank
The light coming fron the heart
Name of a place
A glorious and intelligent person
A high born and shining person
A noble and glorious person
A noble and glorious baby
A sage who is an old counsel
One with bright and shining personality
The bright and shining light
Noble being who takes God as oath
The one who shines even during darkness
A bright individual; they are special
Bright light; thoughtful person
The one who is elegant and traditional
An independent person who takes God as his oath
A trusted person; they are unique
A gracious person who is very much lovable
One who is joyous and happy person
They are healer who cures people
A healer who really likes to cure people
The shining Sun; they are the ones who share light
The one who is the most beautiful of all
A hazelnut; they are passionate
They are very powerful and have strength
A good Elf; they are compassionate
A rigid, stable and hard working person
They are beautiful people
A noble person; they are born beautiful
A lovable person; beautiful and full of passion
A tender and logical person; amusing
They are peaceful and loves peace
Strong as an Elf
One who knows magic like an Elf
A loyal and friendly person
Elfin Spear; Holy
One who has deep faith in destiny
They have got the amazing imaginative powers
A beautiful winged creature
One who takes God as Oath; helpful person
A hazelnut; they are compassionate
God is a promise and an oath
A tender and adorable person
God of Oath who provides satisfaction
One who is chosen by the God
A fertile Olive tree
One who has a jolly nature
One who takes God as an Oath
They are born mediators and active
One who has all the beauty of the world
A unique name; an expert of music and art
One who is a beautiful fairy; one who enjoys life
A combination name; one who is true to all
One who works with everyone; creative and excellent person
Variant of Helen; bright, shining light
One who is the most beautiful women; full of light
A foreign element who are variant of Ellen meaning light
They are happy people; form of Helen which means bright
One who came from Demeter; an Earth Lover
One who came from Alyssum flower
One with a noble, charming and friendly nature
One who is stable and loves family
A magical Elf with powers
One who is born to create harmony
One who has the power of a powerful Elf
The one who has magical strength
One who gives out Light
Another Greek form of Elijah
Salvation provider
One who is filled with joy and hapiness
One who is blessed with charming nature
An easy going and social person
One who is the source of creation
Elijah's Greek form; compassionate
The one with creative and restless nature
Like Helen; a beautiful woman
The individual who likes harmony
A reason; one who is from heaven
The one who is Ellis's son
One who excels; likable person
One who is social, likable and friendly
Noble and kind hearted person; a born princess
An imaginative and idealistic person; noble
One who is born to spread light
God has given the Laurel; god helps
One who is truthful and faithdul
One who wears the crown of victory
this means someone who has been chosen by god or someone who is devoted to god.
this is the Scottish form of the name Elizabeth which means god is my oath or chosen by god.
this means a healer.
this name means someone who is god's fighter.
this means someone who is mentioned in the old biblical testament with a lot of grace.
this means god is my helper.
this means a graceful person.
this means a bright light or a ruler who is wise and very bright
this name basically means a elfin
this name means noble and faithful or elf.
this name means good noble friend or elfin or good elf.
this name means elfin.
this name means healthy and safe.
this name means good elf.
this name means Elijah or god is my oath or Jehovah is god.
this means light or most beautiful woman.
this means bright or shining over all or god is my light.
this name means salvation is god or noble and honourable.
this name means my god is my oath.
this name means winged.
this name means olive tree.
this name means my god is abundance or oath is my god.
this name means that my god is my vow.
this name is a combination of two names emily and anita.
this name depicts the feminine form of the Messiah or faith.
this name means smouldering or fiery meadow.
this name means spark or low flame or burning coal.
the meaning of this name is low flame or spark or burning coal.
this name means as precious as a beautiful jewel.
the name signifies a precious pretty jewel.
it means labour or someone who is hardworking.
originally derived from old German word amal which means hard work or labour.
it means to hug someone or show affection.
someone who rules the hearts and homes of people.
this name means someone who is good at winning people's hearts and as a result enters their hearts and homes.
this name means someone who is laborious or eager or a rival in battle.
a striving or industrious person is described using this name.
this name means hard labour.
the name is derived from old German word amal meaning labour.
this is a precious gemstone with the same name.
it means someone who is from the north with great beauty and honour.
this means brave and powerful; someone who is a leader.
it means an industrious leader with work power.
this name means to rival or emulate or excel.
dilligent and hard working.
a person who is industrious and strives extremely hard to excel.
eager to do hard work.
something that is all contaning or universal.
great strength and hard work.
a zeal to work hard and be industrious.
this is the feminine form of the Biblical name for the Messiah and also has the meaning that god should be with us.
Jewel; Gem; A variant spelling of name Emma
it means harmonious or trying to excel.
a desire to emulate success and excel in life.
qualities like delicate, soft and friendly.
a feminine form of power and strong will.
tough, extremely powerful and strong built.
a laborious, hard working and industrious person.
a maiden is signified by this name.
this name means faith.
faith or believe or reliance.
born at easter.
the whole universe.
a gift from god.
universal whole.
combination of two names emmy and lynn.
a bright luminating object.
this name means a life or a soul of a person.
serious or sincere.
significant, consequential or serious.
the mother of a great saint.
a description of the word angelic or a possible old English refrence to England.
an enigma.
it means spirit.
fair or spirit.
a word relating to deer.
a ruler of her house.
derived from a British palace in Nottinghamshire by the name of Annesley or Ann's meadow.
a famous character from a novel; the darkangel trilogy.
a nobleman's daughter.
a German word meaning a person who is under a public oath.
a long story or novel.
a very long narrative or story or novel.
a famous nun from ancient times.
an Arthurian word meaning earth.
a character from mythology who rides shadows.
a combination of two words Eric and Lynn.
an ancient character of mythology.
feminized form of Erl meaning a warrior or noble lady.
noble woman.
an elfin or a noble woman.
a mother in an Northumbrian epic saga who trains her son for studying and fighting.
a mother figure in ancient epic who trains her son.
a feminized word meaning eagle.
a historical figure in Yorkshire.
a German feminized word which describes someone who is vigorous, eager, serious and determined.
a feminized word meaning someone who commands an army.
a feminized word which has the meaning of an army commander.
a feminized word meaning someone who is a beautiful friend.
an Arthurian word used in literature for someone who is attracted towards nature.
somebody who is born at easter.
it means scent or odour.
mother of a famous bishop.
a star battle or a beloved mistress of King Locrinus.
infinity or forever.
a German feminized word meaning noble.
a teutonic word meaning wise advisor.
somebody honourable and noble.
a German word meaning noble.
a name of a country.
an old river town.
sweet fragnance.
a form of life.
the juniper tree.
it means to live.
it is a name which denotes life.
a feminized name which means life or to live.
a combination of two names eva and elyse.
young fighter.
an event that fades away.
good messenger.
the dusk or time of the day when the sun sets.
a 3rd century historic figure.
an English surname but sometimes also used as a name.
a feminized word meaning strong and sturdy.
from the boar's meadow.
somebody who is from the boar meadow.
a German word meaning someone from the meadow of boars.
a German word for someone who is brave and sturdy like a boar.
a word which describes a strong and sturdy person like a boar.
strong or sturdy like a wild boar.
always devoted or consecrated to god.
always or eternal or everlasting.
something which is everlasting or eternal.
beyond the other side.
A woman who lives and breathes
A breathing and living girl
A girl who lives and breathes
The mother of everything that lives
A little one who gave life to everything
She gave life to everything
One who is not a good person, an evil one
A living woman
A youthful woman
A woman who is youthful in looks and spirits
English version of Ivo, meaning yew
One who lives near the yew trees
She who gave life to everything
A woman who gave life to everything
One who is born in a good family
To strife for wealth
A woman of greath wealth and power
A woman who is loved
Name means a story.
A confident woman who believes in herself
One who is beautiful like a daybreak
One who is like dawn
W woman who is like a beutiful fairy
She who is like a little fairy
She looks likea a fairy
A fair maiden
One who is from the yellow meadow
One from the clearing where the ferns grow
A magical creature
She who is in charge
One who is free
She who is gree
She who is free
A free girl
A person who loves adventure
A light haired woman
An adventurous person
A pleasant and lovely girl
One who is a servant and handsome
A woman with light hair
One of great destiny
She who is like a young deer
A fawn, a young deer
Young Deer; Greek mythological deity of fertility and nature was Fauna
She is a young deer
Like a young deer
A fairy-like woman
A woman who is like a fairy
A woman of confidence and trust and belief
A woman of great confidence and trust
She who is like a fairy
To live in the Fairy Kingdom
A gorgeous woman, a beauty
One with good faith
A faithful woman
One soft as a feather
A second month of the year
One who is like a fairy
A brilliannt young woman
A woman with happy nature
An old English name for girls
A fortunate and happy lady
One blessed with luck
A woman with good luck and fortune
A gracious woman of good luck
A cat-like woman
Happiness
One who speaks and talks well
A very dear love
One who lives near the ferns
A woman on a brave journey
A green, shade loving plant. A fern.
A woman who likes shade like a fern
A woman who loves ferns
One who enjoys adventure
To stay true and faithful
A self expressive individual
Percipience; Highly insightful
Fair,White (in English); A mandate or edict (in Arabic); Firm (in Latin)
An unyielding and firm person (derived from Latin Firmus meaning firm)
A triumphant and lucky person; Also refers to turquoise
An old English reference to Ermine, a dark-furred weasel-like animal
Habitational name for residents of Fleet, Hampshire; Swift; rapid
Good fortune and Prosperity
A variation of the word 'florence' which means to flower
One which means to blossom and bloom
The word is French for 'a flower or blossom'
The name represents a blossom or flower
Something flowery and ornate; blossoming
Literally translates to a 'honey flower'
The name means a flower or a bloom
As the name suggests, it represents 'a bloom, blossom or flower'
Diminutive of Latin name 'Florence', it means 'blossoming or flowering'
Alteration of the name 'Florence' which represents the act of blooming
Something which is fast and rapid; a variant of Fleta; swift
A noble and ready individual; patient
A forgiving and sharp minded person
Francise is a derivative of the English Frances and means free man.
A sociable, friendly and innovative person
Possibly derived from 'Farecla' which is combined from French words meaning 'Shining and Bright'
A peace loving person who has great nature
As the name suggests, it refers to a free and unbound individual
A free woman of French origin; kind and home-loving
It means free; brisk and fair individual
Spanish term for strawberries; one who is from high class
A poised and affectionate person
A simple and poised individual
An intelligent adviser.
A spontaneous, happy go lucky person
A trustworthy and witty individual
Intelligent and workable girl.
A quick, humble and untiring person
An intelligent social worker of fairies.
A clever therapist of sprites.
A successful, quick and witty person
Refers to a fowl or birdie.
A detail loving person who is conservative
Refers to delightful or blissful.
The girls who made her father happy by her birth.
A person who has firm mind
A Girl with a peaceful mind
One who loves nature and out door
Of the pledge
Of the pledge
Refers to the person who is happy and merry.
Refers to a visitor or guest.
Refers to a fountain or a rock.
Refers to fantastic or unreal.
Sister or female sibling of Merlin.
refers to a place where plants and flowers are growing.
A good natured and generous individual
A girl who wears red color ornaments.
A responsible and self sufficient human being
Song
A left-handed person, or a person from Gat
Refers to joy, pleasure, delight, enjoyment.
A form of Gail
Girl who likes to sing happily or energetic or sparkling.
Person who is commanding with the spear.
God's Able Bodied One; A variant of Gaby
A well-born woman
The angel from the heaven
Native floret of Asia, Jasmine.
The waves in the sea or ocean seen white in color.
The one who is fairer and pretty.
One who is pretty and fair
The one who has high dignity by his birth.
The person who gives instructions by spear.
Refers to a kind of flower , Geranium.
The graceful spear of the God
Brave spearwoman
The Person who is prevailing with spear.
Mighty king with the spear.
Combination of Geri (rules with spear) plus Erica ( ever kingly)
Mixture of Geri (ruling by spear) plus Erica ( king forever)
A person who hails from Germany, a language
The one who has spear in his hands comes from the cascade.
Diminutive form of Gertrude (strong as spear).
The might of the spear.
One who belongs to the town of dark people
A peaceful ruler
Bright; Intelligent; Brilliant; Smart
Gilberta is a female name that means Hostage. It is of French, Germanic and English origin.
Gildan is female English name. It means Gilded, Made of Gold.
The name Gillot is an English female name. It means The one who Unexpectadly Rejcets a Lover.
Female English name, variation of the name Gillot. Means a Woman who Unexpectedly Recets a Lover.
Old English name comes from the Italian word and means Flower.
The name Ginger means Virgin and is also associated with Ginger Flower.
The meaning of the name Githa is Gift
One who appreciates beautiful and elegant
Glad means Happy in English and derived from Welsh Teritorial Ruler
Gladis is a Welsh name and means Lame
Gladstone means Flat Stones. It is mostly used as a surname.
Gleda in English means Happy, and in Welsh it means Lame
Glenn is a female name and means Valley
Gennis means Glen, Valley and is of Gaelic origin
Glyn means Fair, Good or the One from the Valley
Meaning of Glynn is Fair.
Glynnes is a female name and means Good
a good person. May be beloved and kindheart.
A person who is gift of God to her parents
Imaginative, enthusiastic and lively person who loves to live life with joy.
a person who is the gift of God to her parents.
a person who is the gift of God to her parents.
A person who is God's beloved.
The secretive Love of God, God Secret Love, The hidden or close love of God.
Gift of God, The one who becomes the bonus and attribute for some one.
The one who can be the gift for every one from the God, who becomes the bonus and attribute for some one.
Gift of God, The one who becomes the bonus and attribute for some one.
Old Version of Godiva. Gift of God, The one who becomes the bonus and attribute for some one.
Old Version of Godiva. Gift of God, The one who becomes the bonus and attribute for some one.
Old Version of Godiva. Gift of God, The one who becomes the bonus and attribute for some one.
God's War or Battle, A physical aspect of war. Powerful, Strengthful. Having strong power.
Female version of Godise, the descendant of Goda, The person who lives with and after us, Who will help everyone, keep happy everyone
The one who loves adventure and independence. Guide, lead and direct others to help them.
Someone who will be on righteous path from God and will save and protect others. The one who is generous, openness, discreet, impress, talented and warm hearted.
God's War or Battle, A physical aspect of war. Powerful, Strengthful. Having strong power.
The one who can be the gift for every one from the God, who becomes the bonus and attribute for some one.
The one who can be the gift for every one from the God, who becomes the bonus and attribute for some one.
Old Version of Godiva. Gift of God, The one who becomes the bonus and attribute for some one.
Dear Love, It is the old version of "Goodliffe". The one who is the dearer and love in someones life.
Dear Love, It is the old version of "Goodefu". The one who is the dearer and love in someones life.
Dear Love, It is the old version of "Goodefu". The one who is the dearer and love in someones life.
The secretive Love of God, God Secret Love, The hidden or close love of God.
The secretive Love of God, God Secret Love, The hidden or close love of God.
Old Version of Godiva. Gift of God, The one who becomes the bonus and attribute for some one.
Friend of God, The one with good dees and qualities. Who will always be ready to help and lead others.
The one with the big dream and achievements. They have the ability to change or tranfer the dream in reality.
The one with power and authority, who can lead and direct everyone to do. The one who will not give away.
A person who is rich and have a huge collection of ornaments. In other meanings a person who is very intelligent.
Golderon means Passionate. A person who always be ready to do anything with his full dedication and uses his passion in every field.
goldgeofu is the varient of the name Goldgifu, Which means the gift of god. A baby girl who is present to her parents from God.
Goldgeve means the women of God. A girl who loves to pray to god and is very close to God.
Goldgifu means the gift of God. The person with this name is a great present to he parents from god.
A person who has a bog collection of jewels. Or in other words it means a person who is very intelligent.
Goldhiue is a varient of name Goldgifu. Goldgifu means the gift of God. The person with this name is a great present to he parents from god.
Goldhuie is a varient of name Goldgifu. Goldgifu means the gift of God. The person with this name is a great present to he parents from god.
A girl with golden hair. Golden hair is a symbol of beauty. A beauty which is out of the world.
Goldrun means a person who likes to help other person. No matter what she have to do for the help but she will do it.
Goldy is a variant of Golda, Derived from the vocabulary word gold which denotes precious jewellery metal
Estonian form of Grace, meaning graceful.
Grace, which means decency with a special beauty.
Gracealice name is derieved from the word grace, which means decency with a special beauty.
Gracee name is derieved from the word grace, which means decency with a special beauty.
The name is varient of word grace. It means decency and intelligence.
The name is varient of word grace. It means Grace of God.
The name is varient of word grace. It means Grace of God.
The name is varient of word grace. It means Grace of God.
The name is varient of word grace. It means Grace of God.
The name is varient of word grace. It means Grace of God.
A girl from the gray family. Gray is the sign of intelligence.
A girl from the gray Meadow. Gray is the sign of intelligence.
People with this name have a deep inner need for quiet, and a desire to understand and analyze the world they live in, and to learn the deeper truths.
They have ability to analize problems very quickly and solve all the issues.They love to spend time with family.
They have ability to analize problems very quickly and solve all the issues.They love to spend time with family.
Graves is the surname which was use in old days.
Gray may be a n ickname of a person who have gray here. Or who is very intelligent.
Grayce means good will. A great vision about life or anything. A person who thinks positively.
Graycen means good will. A great vision about life or anything. A person who thinks positively.
Graycin means good will. A great vision about life or anything. A person who thinks positively.
Graycn means good will. A great vision about life or anything. A person who thinks positively.
Greysi name is derived from the word grace, which means decency with a special beauty.
Grip means stron hold on something. A girl who can hold everything very strongly.
Gracious, Wise and Experienced person.
covered with gold, gilded
An unusual English female name
A Medievel English variation of Guinevere, means a fair white and smooth one
Gypsy means a Bohemian Traveler, Wanderer
Old English - From the Heather Meadow; Field of Heather; A variation of Hadley
Taken from the name of the plant having very small leaves
Old English - From the Heather Meadow; Field of Heather; A variation of Hadley
Old English - From the Heather Meadow; Field of Heather; A variation of Hadley
Valley in the mountains ; From Glen; A variant of Hailey
Valley in the mountains ; From Glen; A variant of Hailey
Valley in the mountains ; From Glen; A variant of Hailey
a Girl or woman from your own neighbourhood
A happy woman
A kind of a nut
A bright minded person
Valley in the mountains ; From Glen; A variant of Hailey
Valley in the mountains ; From Glen; A variant of Hailey; A variant form of Haila
Valley in the mountains ; From Glen; A variant of Hailey; A variant form of Haila
Old English - Hay Clearing; Hay Meadow; A variant spelling of Hayley
field of hay
Peaceful house, peaceful home
Friendlier Home,
A combination name of Hal and Eleanor; Hal is Celtic for chief, and Eleanor is Latin for shining light;
Peaceful Home
Short form of "hallelujah."
Army Power; Strong in War
Resembling a Salmon
Armenian name meaning "modest"; A locational name meaning from the village of Hamer
Gracious, cordial
The long field
Harlean is Dweller By The Boundary Wood; Hare Clearing; Hare Meadow; A derivative of English name Harley
Harlene is Created Name; Dweller By The Boundary Wood; Hare Clearing; Hare Meadow; A derivative of English name Harley
Field of the hares. Feminine of Harley
Dweller By The Boundary Wood; Hare Clearing; Hare Meadow; A derivative of English name Harley
Meadow of the hares, Female of Harley
Rock meadow
God'S Grace; Blessing or Favour of God; God's Mercy
Unity; concord; musically in tune
Variant spelling of Harmony, meaning "concord"
Means "harmony, agreement" in Greek. Harmonia is a variant of Harmoni
Harmony is Musical Combination Of Chords; Peace and agreement
Old English - Harp player; Harp, Harpar, Harpo and Harpor are few variants of Harper
Rules the Home
Ruler of the home
Army warrior
Army soldier
Army combatant
A person who is responsible and respectable
Rules the Home
An unsophicated, lonely and diplomatic individual
A variant form of Heaven; A variant spelling is Havanna
A common English surname. A Habitational name
Safe place, refuge or a sanctuary
A variant Of Haven; Safety
Heathen; From the hedged in valley; A variant of Heiden
Heathen; From the hedged in valley; A variant of Heiden and Hayden
Old English - Hay Clearing; Hay Meadow; A variant spelling of Hayley
Heathen; From the hedged in valley; A variant of Heiden and Hayden
Old English - Hay Clearing; Hay Meadow; A variant spelling of Hayley
A form of Hayley
Variant of Hayley
Old English - Hay Clearing; Hay Meadow; A variant spelling of Hayley
Variation of Hayley
Hay Meadow
Old English - Hay Clearing; Hay Meadow; A variant spelling of Hayley
Another variant of Hayley
The Hazel Tree
The Hazelnet Tree
Child of Harry; A feminine form of Harrison
Varian of HAZEL
Variation of HAZEL
Name of tree or Color
Tree, nut
Happily Ever After, Happiest person
A Tree name
practical, responsible, stable nature
strength, force
To restore to health
Peaceful home
Dependable, self-sufficient
A paradise, a promised land
A variant form of Heaven; A variant spelling is Havanna
Heaven
Struggle, fighter, warrior
Warfare, Strife, Struggle
From the field of flowers
A wise woman who was a counsel
Field of heather
Intellectual, clever, sharp
Active, agile, supple
A worthy woman
In mythology the abduction of Zeus's mortal daughter Helen sparked the Trojan War.
a variant of Helen
n mythology the abduction of Zeus's mortal daughter Helen sparked the Trojan War
Dazzling, stunning, amazing
To be on the path of the templom
Son of Heller
Protective, shielding, defending
Old English - Generous
A financial and successful individual
A very rare Medieval name, user rarely even in the medieval times
English version of the French Henriette, Henri
A woman warrior in the army
Anglo-Saxon word meaning army
An army of woman soldiers
A woman of the army
Well Polished Stone
House Owner, Female Version of Henry
Anglicized form of Iweyydd
Happy; Joyful
Cheerful, Javiol
Happy, Jolly
Contended, In the highspirit
Cloud-berry
English - From the hill; War stronghold
A persons dwelling place, a birthplace
Become; A surname
Holly
Varient Holley
Holi is a variant transcription of Holly
Holy Day' , Off working day
Taken from the name of the holly tree, an evergreen whose stiff, glossy,
Near the Holly
Holland is Land On The Ridge; toponomical surname indicative of ancestral origin in the Dutch region of Holland
The Holly Tree; Common Name Given Christmas Female Babies
Form of Holly; Holly Grove
of the great hall, island man
This Girl's name means "holy day." Variant spellings are Holiday and Haliday
A variant of the name 'Holly', which comes from the Old English name for the holly-tree.
Variant spelling of Hollen; Topographic name Holly Tree
A Habitational name; Topographic name refering to Holly Tree; Variant of Hollin
Plant With Red Berries
A Habitational name; Topographic name refering to Holly Tree; Variant of Hollin
An evergreen Holly Tree
A Habitational name; Topographic name refering to Holly Tree; Variant of Hollin
Respected
A version of the name Holy. A name of the plant
Sweet, Lovely
Sugary, Sweet
Truthfullness; Someone who is truthful and Honest
Hope is Desire Of Fulfillment
Joyful; Combination of Hope and Lynn;
In the sense of Hope
Hortense is a French name that means "gardener"
A feeling of warmth
A Bulgarian form of name Chris; A variant form of name Christina
Bright; Famous
brilliant; famed
bright; well-known
vivid; celebrated
A variant form of name Christina; Variant spelling is Chrystyna
Mind; Intellect; name given to garden and irrigated land
Little Hugh; Female Version of Hugh
Little Hugh
One who is full of spirit.
A spiritual, heartfelt person
heart,mind,spirit,intelligent
English - Resembling the fruit;Honest,Pervading, Orderly
happiness
practical,spirit
delightful
The wife of a householder
One who looks the household chores
A knowledgable smart person
Thoughtful; Noble Kind; A variant form of name Heidi
Qeen from the Beowulf poem
An english girl name
The color dark blue
A gracious gift of God
One who likes truth and filled with youth and charm
A flower type, a hyacinth flower
She who heals people
One whose portector is God
She who believes God is her protector
Her protector is God
A woman protected by God
May God be her protector
God may protect her
She may be undr God's protection
A girl who believes God is her protector
A pet name, means the one who finds God to be gracious
A woman who believes in the protection of God
She is a supplanter
A woman who looks like hyacinth flower
She is pretty as a hycinth flower
One with gren eyes, the gemstone jade
Apparently created by C.S. Lewis for the character
A jade of a gemstone, the beautiful green color
Woman who is like a jay bird
A thankful person
One who will be judged by the God and is thankful
The mercifulness of Yahweh
A graciousness of Yahweh
One who knows God's graciousness
A youthful. energetic and talented individual
Oda's child
Modern English combination name
A jay bird
She who is from Jamaica
She who is from the valley
One from the glen
One who heals
A beautiful woman
A name for girls
A surrogate, a replacement
God has given an answer
God has heard
God has answered
God has answered
God has heard and gave an answer
One who likes to explore, creative and full of youth
One from the glen
God is gracious
Variation of Jane meaning God is gracious
Diminutive of Jane, mening God is merciful
God is gracious
Hebrew - Yahweh is Gracious; Yahweh is merciful; A Form of Janessa
A gift from God
Race of Women; Juniper Tree; White Wave
Jehovah has shown favour
Variation of the name Jane meaning God is gracious
God has given an answer
God has been gracious
A girls name
A strong spear
A talented person who is very considerate and youthful
An invented name
Bosnian term for Jasmine.
Usually a pet form for names starting with Jas
A woman who is brave
A place name, Jawa
Judicious, talented, funny and eccentric being
A refined, reasonable and poised individual
A modern invented name
A form of jade, resembling the green gemstone
The Lord is salvation
Precious green stone
Precious stone
A fowl which brings nimble.
Little Jane; gracious god
God has bestowed his mercy upon me.
Mixture of Jocelyn (kind hearted) and Jazz (kind of music).
Modern accent of Jasmine (yas flower)
God has heard my requests or prayers.
God has returned to my crying.
True grace is coming from God.
Diminutive of Jeanne (Mercy is God)
The precious black shady gem stone.
The one who is fair minded and charming.
A restless and refined individual
Mixture of jean (Gift from God ) and Lisa (promise of God).
A type of insect, honey bee.
Variant od Giles; one who is desirable
Combination of Jessica and Marcus
The one who uses her right hand always.
Pet for Jennifer that means a fair one
The God has answered
God has answered my prayers.
The white enchantress
Variation of jenny (God has been gracious).
Diminutive of Jenny (God has been merciful).
God has heard my prayers.
God is gracious
The Answer from the God
A fair point or a fairer person
God's grace endures forever.
God's mercy sustains forever.
The mercy of God is forever
God endows his mercy upon mankind.
The white colored girl
God bestows his grace upon me.
Bright, tender, kind and gentle.
The winner of all hard waves.
The one who is forgiving, reasonable and warm.
The person who is impartial in her spirits.
The girl who is easy going, soft and fine looking.
Person who is just and upright.
A graceful or favourable lady
The oath of a white lady
A lady with the fair complexion
The fairer of all
Blend of Jenny(God is merciful) and Lee (green field).
A benevolent and merciful
The one who is benevolent, without malicious intent.
The girl who is just of peace.
A girl who is just and true
The girl who is just in her spirits.
Latest variation of Jenny (God is gracious) and Jennifer (just and reasonable).
One who possess good spiritual moralities.
God has given his blessings to me.
God's grace is adequate to all of us.
Combination of Jennifer and Vanessa
Variant of Genevieve (Race of women)
One who is attractive and good looking
Variation of Jenny (God is graceful)
God has been fair and yielding
Refers to an intelligent and bold girl.
Nobility or aristocracy
A noble born or a high born
The girls who works in a farmhouse.
Refers to precious talent from God.
God is full of mercy and tender care.
One who is a king with spear
Mixture of jerry (ruler hold the spear) and Marilyn (wishing for a baby).
Girl who is having clever mind and daring.
Feminine of gerald; One who is good at spear
Rules with spear
A spear warrior
Your mother's son; Female version of john
Modern blend of jerry and marilyn; Waterfall
Fair and smooth
A variant of Jasmine, a fragrant flower
The one who is rich in properties.
A jasmine flower
A character in shakespeare's the merchant of venice
Easy to give forgiveness
An accessory used as a decoration on oneself
Jupiter's child
Latin feminine form of julianus, which is a derivation of julius the first down the chin, downy-bearded
A precious stone
Derivative of the breton name judicael which was used in honour of the 16th century bishop of salisbury, john jewel
Oath of God; Lord Baal; A variant form of Jezebel
One who has an amazing and mesmerizing personality
Jilian means youthful person who loves to enjoy her youth part of life.
Young Person. In simple words powerful and full of life person.
Young Person. In simple words powerful and full of life person.
Young Person. In simple words powerful and full of life person.
Young Person. In simple words powerful and full of life person.
Young Person. In simple words powerful and full of life person.
Young Person. In simple words powerful and full of life person.
A varient of name Jill. Young Person. In simple words powerful and full of life person.
A varient of name Jill. Young Person. In simple words powerful and full of life person.
A varient of name Jill. Young Person. In simple words powerful and full of life person.
A varient of name Jill. Young Person. In simple words powerful and full of life person.
A varient of name Jill. Young Person. In simple words powerful and full of life person.
A varient of name Jill. Young Person. In simple words powerful and full of life person.
A varient of name Jill. Young Person. In simple words powerful and full of life person.
A varient of name Jill. Young Person. In simple words powerful and full of life person.
In English the importance of the name Jilly is: Abbreviation of Jillian or Gillian. Jove's tyke.
In English the importance of the name Jillyn is: Abbreviation of Jillian or Gillian. Jove's tyke.
Calm, focused, patient and are complex in nature. People with this name are highly organized and curious to know new things or learn new things in life
coomunicative , out going, positive and full of energy people who struggle hard to achieve their goals. They love travelling, friendship and new things.
people with this name have urge to help other people and humanity. They are creative and wants to acquire knowledge. They are highly I maginative and visionary.
it means white wave. People with this name are dynamic in nature and have powerful and strong attitude. They love to help others because of their variant nature.
it means prettiest girl on earth. Girls with this name are cutest and fun loving. They have good sense of humour and creative.
The name Joanie is a female name that means God is gracious. It has many variations that originate from a Hebrew name Yochanan. Joanie is a version used mostly in England.
Joann is an English female name that means God is gracious. It is a variant of the name Joan, and originates from the Hebrew name Yochanan.
Joanne is a female name and means God is gracious. It has many variations that all originate from Hebrew. This version of the name is mostly used in England or France.
Means God is gracious. Female name that originates from a Hebrew name Yochanan. This variant of the name is moslty used in England.
The name means A Person who belongs to a Gauts Tribe
Feminine of Joel ,al powers belongs to the God he is the real Lord
Gracious, Jeovah is God emotional, fragile and capricious dreamer woman
Asssociated form of name Johannese means God is mild and good hearted
God is merciful and gracious,God has favoured
God has favoured ,he is merciful benovlent ,kind and gracious
God has given ,he has regarded and considered,he is merciful and kind hearted
Originated from the old word joy meaning happiness and pleasure
Associated form of the name Joyce meaning liveliness, charm and bless
full of high inspirations,courageous, honest, determined, original and creative
it means gracious, pretty and merciful. Expressive, fun loving and have good sense of humour. They are creative and happy persons.
it means He (God) will increase. People with this name always seek the quality of life and desire to get the best. They are sensitive in nature.
it means cheerful and pretty. Such people are kind hearted and generous. They love helping people and making friends. They are more obliged towards their families.
it means something well established. People with this name are organized and love making friends. They have bold and mature attitude.
honest, brilliant, high of inspiration people. they posses the leader quality and believe in law and methodical behaviour in every thing.
countly and cheerful are the owrd meanings. People with this name have desire for loving companions. They tend to be leaders and are focused towards their goal.
such people are powerful and are focused towards their aim. They attain good wealth in their life. If they will implement their ideas, they will surely be successful.
the name means rejoicing, people with this name love to travel and are involved in many social activities. They are active and fast.
it means cheerful or joyful. People with this name are charmful, youthful and natural in personality.they are truthful and easily captivate others.
the name means cheerful or merry. They are flexible in nature and easily adapt new changes in life. They enjoy their life and love everlast.
these people work in temples, cathedrals or temples because they have responsible attitude and love helping other people. intelligent and good advisers.
such people are elegant and value their relations. They go in the profession of handcrafts or mechanic. They do dream big.
From the Flower Name
the name means rejoicing, people with this name love to travel and are involved in many social activities. They are active and fast.
it means cheerful or joyful. People with this name are charmful, youthful and natural in personality.they are truthful and easily captivate others.
the name means cheerful or merry. They are flexible in nature and easily adapt new changes in life. They enjoy their life and love everlast.
these people work in temples, cathedrals or temples because they have responsible attitude and love helping other people. intelligent and good advisers.
such people are elegant and value their relations. They go in the profession of handcrafts or mechanic. They do dream big.
Combination of two words "Joy" and "Lynn" where Joy means happiness, delight or great pleasure and Lynn is an English surname which was derived from Welsh llyn "lake"
The name means Gift from God
Juete name means The Lord is Gracious
The meaning of the name is Merciful
Juhota name means One Who is Merciful
A capable, practical and versatile being
the word means youth. These people prove to be very lucky and natural in their attitude. They do not bear fake personalities.
young and fearless.such people are easy going and have urge to seek knowledge. They have a lot of qualities and love their family and friends.
it means young and youthful or Joves child. These people are abundant, organized, full of ideas and useful for others.
they are the great listeners and advicers. They take care of their physical appearance and prove to be youthful. They listen to their hearts.
they live their life with full luxury and have neatness . Their social circle is very big and easily inspire others.
they are known because of being social and get fame. They become wealthy with the passage of time. They are admirable persons.
people with this name are old fashioned and have hidden talent. they are able to make themselves ideal and are loyal.
Juna means Young Person
A patient and reserch oriented being
Juniper is an English name and represents a small, evergreen shrub bearing berries
Jurnee is a variation of the word Journey and bears the same meaning
Old English - Justice; Just
Juthwara means "Aud the Virgin"
An imaginative, creative and friendly person
Jyl name means Jove's (Jupiter's) Child
Kaci means Vigorous
Kacibrel means Alert
The name Kacie means Vigilant in War
The name Kacy means Alert, Alarm
Kadi means Rhyming
Kadian means Pure,Rhytmic
Kadieann means Rhyming, Pure
Kadienne means a rhythmic flow of sounds
The mane means "A melodic or harmonic pattern that signals the end of a phrase".
The name means Keeper of the Keys
Kaelene means Keeper of the Keys, Pure
The name means She who has the Keys
Kaeli means Pure, Keyholder
Kaelia means Holder of the Keys
Kaelie means Pure, Keeper of the Keys
The name means She Who holds the Key
Kaesha means Vigorous
Kaianna means Victory of the People
Kailan means Keeper of Keys, Pure
Kailee means Keeper of the Keys, The Pure One
Kailey means Each of the Two
The name means Keeper of the Keys
The name means The Pure Keeper of the Keys
Kailynn name means Meadow, Waterfall
Kailynne means She who has the Keys
Kalee name means Fair, Pure, Keeper of the Keys
Kallima means The Name of the Butteerfly
Kallita name means From the Woods
Kalmia is a name of the Flower
Kalyn means Keeper of the keys
Kalynn means The One who Keeps the Keys
The name means Keykeeper
Kambrian means Wales
A combination of name Kama and Lynn
Kamrin name means Crooked Nose
Kandee name means Ethiopian Queen
Kandi means The Queen Mother
Kandice The Queen of Ethiopia
The name The Mother Queen
Latin - Pure; English - Candy; Modern variant of Candace
Kandiss means Ethiopian Queens
Latin - Pure; English - Candy; Modern variant of Candace
The name means a Title Used by Ethiopian Queens
A reserved, poised and gracious being
The name means Pure and Fair Waoman
Karmina means Orchard
Means Free Woman
A pure individual
A dame of purity
Katale name means Strogner than You
Katara means Blessed
Kataya means The Unsullied one
The name Katelin means Pure, Clear
Katelina means the Clear One
Means the One who is Pure
Katelinne means The Clear, Pure one
Katelynn means Clean, Clear
Katerin means Torture
Kateryna means Pure, Simple
Kateryne means Plain, Clear
The name means Transparent, True, Clear
Kathee means Pure, Natural
Kathi means Clear, Clean
Kathia means Pure, Natural
The name means True, Plain
Kathie means Pure, Unadulterated
Kathire means Clear, Plain
Means Pure, Flawless
The name means Pure and Simple
Means Plain, Pure, Clear
Kathy means Bright, Authentic, Pure
The name means Clear, Transparent
Katin means Daughter with Power
The name means Pure, Neat
Kay means Flames, Fire
The name means She keeps the Keys
Kaye means She holds the Keys
Kaylen means She Keeps The Keys
Kayley means She Holds The Keys
Kayli means The Pure one who holds the keys
Kayliegh name means Female Keeper of the Keys
The name means The Key Keeper
Kaylyn means She that is Pure
The name means She is Pure and Virginal
Keatlyn means She is Pure, Bright and Chaste
Old English - Ship; Victory; A spelling variant is Kelsey
Kellsie means Brave
Kelsa means Brave
Kelsie means Daring, Fearless
Kelsy means Heroic, Brave
Kelva means I am Stronger Than You
Kenabeth means Solid, Steady
Kenadona means Clean Water
Kenadone means Clear, Pure Water
An intensive and emotional being
Kenda means Child of Clear,Cool Water
The name means The Valley of the River Kent
Kendal means The bright valley, Valley of Kent River
Kendale means the Kent River Valley
Kendall means From the Bright Valley of Kent River
Kendyl means Spring Valley
Kenyll means Kent Valley
Kenede means Child of clear Water, Kent River
The name means Clean Water
The name means Royal Obligation, Beautiful and Prosperous
Kenlea meansShe is from the  Royal Medow
Kenlee means King's Meadow
Kenleigh means She is from the Meadow of the Kings
Kenley means The Meadow of the Royal's
Kenlie means the Meadow of King's and Queen's
Kenlyn means Girl from the Royal Meadow
Kennedi means Helmet on the Head
Kennedy means Helmeted Chief
The name means Beauty
Kennis means She posesses Beauty
Kennita means From the Bright Valley of the River Kent
Kensley means The Spring Glade
Kenya means Mauntain of Whiteness
Kenzington is a place name, of the English town Kensington
The name means place name, from British town Kensington
Meaning The town of Cynsige's People
The name means From the Church Village
Kerbie means Church Village
Kerensa means Love
Kerenza means The One who Loves
A woman covered in a thin layer of gold. a gilded lady
The name means A Gilded Woman
The name means Gilded
Kermilla means She who is Gilded
The name means The Guilded One
A dry land in watery areas specially marsh
The name means Ship and Siege
Ketty means Ruler
Keyma means Stronger than Others
Kharlia means Free man
The name means She is Sprung from the Fire
Khloe means Greenery
Khloee means Blooming
Khloei Green Shoot
A righteous and keen individual
A assertive, humble and positive person
Kimber means Royal Fortress
Kimberiee means From the Royal Fortress Meadow
Name means Royal Meadow
Means From the Royal Forest
The name means From the Royal Meadow
Means Royal Forest
Means Cyneburga's royal forest
Kimberlez means From the Royal Fortress
Kimberli means One from the Royal Meadow
Kimberlie means Girl From The Royal Meadow
Means Cyneburg's field
Means From the wood of the royal forest
Kimberlyn means From the Royal Woods
Means From the Royal Forest
Kimbery means Royal Woods
Kimbra means From the royal fortress meadow
A royal fortress or a meadow
A person who is truly devoted
Kimbro means From the Royal Field
The name means From the royal meadow
One who came from the wood of the royal forest
Kimery originates from a name of the place called Kyme
Kimm means Cyneburg's field
Kimmey means Chief
Means From The Meadow Of The Royal Fortress
Kinda means Valley of the Kent River
Kindal name means Comes from the Valley of Kent River
Kindall means Valley of the River
Kindness means She,who is Kind
Kineburga is an old English name, Means the Daughter of Christian faith
Kindslea means King's meadow
The name means The Meadow of Kings
Kinlee means White Warrior
Kinsey means The Victory of the King
Kinslea means She Comes from the Meadow of the King
Kinslee means Woman of the Royal Meadow
Kinsley name means The Field of the King
Kinslie means King's Field
the name means Meadow by the Church
Kirsey means Dry Land in Marsh
a clear colourless glass, used as a gemstone
Kisha means Great joy
One who is pure and unsullied
Kitty means She is Pure and Fair
Kitzi means Beautiful and Fair Girl
Kiyle means Narrows
The name means The Black and Dark Person
Kizzie means Cassia, a Yellow Flower
The meaning of the name refers to Yellow Flower, Cassia
Klaire means Bright and Clear
Klementina means Kind and Sparing
Kogon means a Woman with Confidence
One who is like a wildflower
Kolbie means Coal Town
Kolour means Color
One who is responsible and stable minded
Koral means Coral, Deep Pink
Koribella is mostly used as a surname, means Holder of the Spear
Korin means a Warrior with a Spear
Korina means Spear Warrior
The name means Woman Warrior with a Spear
Korinne Woman With a Spear
Korrine means She who Fights with a Spear
One with stable and content mind
One with easy going and pleasant personality
Kreeli means a Girl with Charms and Beauty
Krichia means She is of Noble Born
Krie means I am Stronger than You
Fresh, super crunchy, Spell variant of crispy
Kristi means Christ's Follower
Kristia means She Who Follows Christ
Kristiane means A Christian. One Who Loves Christ
A woman whose relgion is Christianity
A follower of Christ
A christian girl
Sparkling; K from the Greek Spelling of Krystallos; Krystal is a variant form of Krystabelle
The name means She Follows Christ
The name means Her Faith is Christian
The meaning of the name is She of Christian Faith
Krysten means Woman who is Christian
Krysian means He Who belongs to Christian Faith
The name means She sho belongs to Christian Faith
The name means Woman of Christian Faith
Krystin means the one Faithful to Christ
Krystina means Her Faith lies in Christ
Krystle means Clear Glass with No Colour
The name means Her religion is Christianity
Krystyna means The Follower of the Christ
A versatile and intuitive being
A philosophical, narrow minded and charming individual
A name for sweet and spiritual person
Kym means Royal Hill
The name means Cyneburg's field
Kymberly means from Cyneburg's field
Means Brave King, Bolde
A royar fortress, or a royal stronghold
Kyndal means Ruler of the Valley
Kyndall means The Royal Valley, refers to place Kent in England
Kyndra means High Hills
The name means She is from the Royal Meadow
The meaning of the name is She comes from the Royal Fortress
The name means She is the follower of Christ
Krystin means She Who holds Christ in her Heart
Laaek means  Still Water
Laara means Famous Woman
A woman who is young and beutiful
Cheerfull and Happy Woman
Old English word meaning A thorn's end, the pointy end of the thorn
The name means By The Lake
Laguia means Close to the Lake
One who belongs to the hill by the rapids
A water body, one wo lives by the water lake or water stream
Laina means Path, Lane
Means Path from the Meadow
Lainie means Bright Shining One
Lakeesha means Happy
Joyful, Happy
Joyous, Lively
Alive and Well; Cassia tree
A woman who is full of joy and happiness
A person who comes from the still waters
A woman who lives near still waters
She who comes from the lake or a body of water
A woman who works hard for her independence
A person with a young mind
The one who comes of the rough terrain
Name that describes people who live on rough terrain
The one who rules the land
Version of the name Lane, meaning path, long meadow
Fair, good looking woman
Roadway, path from the meadow
Lasting Life, the one who is tall
Long life, the lasting one
An angel who once inhabited in England
From the old meadow
Good-looking, fair one
Roadwat, path
the Heavenly one
Precious and valued person
One who is bright and light
A bird Lark with extravagan singing that is a symbol for Love and Daybreak
A spurshaped blossom flower of blue colour
She who is crowned with Honor and Fame
A Girl who is small, slender and pettite
One who is high spirits, happy and joyous
Joyous, happy Girl
Person filled with joy
A laurel tree or a bay tree
English cognate from the Latin town Laurentis
From the Arthurian Legend, character Laudine, the lady of the Fountain
One who lives by the laurel tree
Laurel Tree; Sweet Bay Tree Symbolic of Honor and Victory
Name meaning Laurel tree. Has many variations
Laural tree, sweet bay tree
Laural tree, sweet bay tree
Symbol of honor and victory; Laurel tree
Sweet bay tree, simbol of honor
Laurel tree, symbol of honor and victory
Crowned with laurels
A laurel tree that is a symbol of glory and fame
An individual who has power, authorithy and colntrol
A flower with purple leaves, a Color of the Lavender flower
Brought together, Joined, an Union of two people
A Woman of ancient Rome
Various sieces of jew trees and shrubs
Jew trees and shrubs
A shoreline indentation, a bay
Names Lacey (lace-like) and Dyllon (loyal) put together.
Beautiful woman
Weary, tired person
From the meadow land; Pasture ground.
From Gaelic name Helen meaning beautiful, light woman
Compound of words wood and grace
Combination of Leah and Beatrice
Diminutive of Lece meaning cheerful, joyous
From French nobleman surname Lacey
Variation of the name Laurel, laurel tree
Form of Irish name Helen meaning beautiful
Combination of names Lee and Anne
Dweller by the wood
Composed of the words dear and child
Woman of dear beauty
Woman of beauty and dear personality
Heritage, Legacy, What a person leaves behind
A story of the past that is often fictitious
Derived from Angel - a messenger of God
Combination of names, means a gracious one who lives by the wood
A patch of land that is grassy, a meadow
Combinig name, The graceful one who dwells by the woods
A gracious and poetic person
A woman that llives by the field and is graceful
He who came from the town near the meadow
A person who has pledged his life to the God
Perfection lies within the God
A person who made an Oath to the God
A short of Helen, meaning a torch, or Hindu for a Tender and devoted woman
Lion-like woman
A clear lake or the clearing of lake
Bright shining light
The beloved one
Beloved one with great beauty
Beloved gift
Beloved runes
Caring for the beloved one
The beloved friend
Lovely gift
Little lion woman
The bright woman
Courageous woman
A garden where the holly tree grows
A sacred and spiritual garden
A petitte but strong and cheerful woman
One who brings out the happiness in people
From the name Lory, means the bay
From a Bohemian surname, means like a lion
A day of reconciliation
A day when people will reconcile
A reconciliantion day
Restoring harmony and piece
British name meaning beloved gift
Variant of the name Leofrun meaning Beloved secret rune
British name meaning the loved rune
Love for the secret rune
Woman loved for her beauty
the meaning is Issh
British name meaning the friend we love
English version of name Alexandra, meaning the one who defends mankind
Short version of Alexandra, nickname
Short version of the name Alexandra which means defender of men
Town of the new law
Short from Alexus, the one who protects men
Meadow
Combination of names Ley and Anne
One who has the abilities of a leader
From the name of the Hazelnut tree
A binding relationship between two people
A bond of youth and beauty
One who brings light to the world
A place name from a region in England and is also a river name
A promise that a person has made to the God
One who posesses the bauty and pureness of a Lotus flower
A woman as beautiful as a Lotus Flowe
A beauty and grace of a Lotus flower
A conservative, creative and idealistic individual
A bolt, a lighting in the sky
A place name from a Yorkshire in North England, mostly used as a surname
Beautiful and idealistic person
Short form of the name Lily, meaning purity and beauty
Name of a flowering pale-purple shrub
Person from the island
Variation of the name Lily, flower name symbolising purity
Combination of names Lily and Anna
Alternate from Elizabeth, meaning God is my oath
Short form of name Elisabeth, meaning God is my oath
Variation of the name Lilion, from Latin name of the flower lily
Person of the night, in Assyrian myth this was the name of a demon
symbol of purity
Combination of the names Lily and Anne
Alternate from Elizabeth, meaning God is my oath
Deminutive of Lilian, flower lily
From name Lillie, flower lily
Combination of names Lillie and Anna
Variation of name Lillie, from flower named lily, symbol of purity
Lily and Elizabeth, English name
One who has no limits
A person who has thoughtful nature
Person who is tender and delicate
Person who lives near the valley of linden trees
She who lives where the linden trees grow
A woman who lives near linden trees
A woman whose beauty can be compared to a Linden tree
A coinage of the Linden tree, also means Beautiful in Spanish
A name of a tidal island in England, known as a Holy Island
One who comes from the Lime woods
One who lives in the Lime wood forest
A woman whose home is near a Lime tree woods
A linden tree hill
From the Lincoln island, an island of lime trees
A person who is from the Lincoln island.
A person who comes from the island where Lime trees grow
A woman who lives on the island of the lime trees
A woman who comes from the region Lindsey
She comes from the place of Lime trees
Woman who comes from the island in Linden trees
She whose home is an island of the Linden trees
An island where Linden trees grow
A name for a woman who comes from Linden island
An island of Linden, Lime trees
A woman with pretty features, an attractive, beutiful lady
She who is from the Lime tree island
A place of the Lime trees, an island
A place name, known as Lincoln's Wetland
A woman from the island of Lincoln in England
A Girl who comes from the Lincoln island in England
A place name, Girl from the Lincoln island
A name that refers to the Lincoln Island in England
A woman from the Lincoln island, a Lime tree island
One who is from Lincoln island, a wetland in England
She came from the Lime tree island
One who lives on the island where the Lime trees grow
Woman who lives near the flax fields
She who lives near the meadow where the flax grows
Fields of flax
A finch type of a small bird known for its song
One who sings like a bird
A small, sweet and caring individual
A woman who comes from the town Lindsay, a lake colony
A person who brights up the room
A place name, one who comes from the lake colony
Her home is near the lakes
Girl from the Linkolnshire, England
A woman who comes from Linkolnshire in England
Person from the place where the lake colony is
A place name, Linkolnshire in England
A Girl whose home is in Linkoln Island
Person from the Old English Lindsey region
A place name, refers to Lincoln's wetland and Old English region
She is born in Lincoln's wetland
Woman born in the lake colony
A woman who lives in the flax fields
She whose home is in the flax fields
A Girl who is born in the city Lindsay
A place name, from the Lindsay in Old England
A lake colony, a region in old England
A generous and humble individual
A positive and self assertive person
One who is from the linden tree meadow
A sensitive and quick individual
He who is a protector of mankind, short for Alexandra
Combination of Lisa and Anne
Name from Arthurian legend, mother of Lohot by Arthur
Short from Elizabeth, God is my oath
An ignited and wonderful scholar
A capable and independent individual
Holy, sacred to God
One who is from the blessed isles
A person having versatile and happy nature
Efficient and capable person
One who admiers nature and oudoors
Energetic, forceful and dynamic person
Nickname of Olivia and represents a symbol of peace
A furious person with an angry personality
Person who gladly goes to a battle
From the name Olive, a symbol of pease
Nickname of Olivia, a peaseful person
An Oath of God
A woman whose life is dedicated to God's worship
A flower, known as lobelias
Guide, the one who shows the way
English name for a guide
Guide, escort; occupational name for pilot
Name describing foreign warrior
Owners of the loft house
A woman who lives her life in solitary
A modern place name, meaning one from London
A place name after the city London, England
A sky in Hawaiian, a Light in Latin or Solitary in English
A lurel tree whose branches are symbols of Honor and Victory
Pet form of Charlotte that means feminine
From Laurel, means a man from Laurentum
A traveler from the ancient Laurentum
A woman who symoblises Honor and Victory
A Laurel tree a representation of Honor and Victory
Laurel tree leaves as a symbol of Victory and Honor
Laurel tree, symbol of Dignity and Voctory
She symbolises Dignity and Victory
She who is crowned with Dignity and Praise
A woman awarded for her Dignity and Honor
The forsaken one
Form of name Lora meaning flower
Person from town Laurentium
Woman with freedom
A person who is inspirational and idealistic
From English name Loveday, meaning lovely day
Name of christian festival, Loveday
Precious, lovely day
English variation of name Loveday, day of love
name meaning famous elf
A person who is active and quick minded
A freedom loving and attractive being
A wonderful and beautiful princess
One who inspires and leads
From old English name Loveday, meaning lovely day
Loved and loving person
Child born out of love
Day of reconciliation
Old English name, a day of love
A day of reconciliation and settling of disputes
Beautiful, charming and alluring one
A loved and cherised one
English - Love
A feeling of returned Love
A person in love
One who is adored
Laurel, an award of Honor
A woman who radiates joy
Young woman, Girl
A Girl
The one who shines with graceful light
The light that illuminates
the one who shines, light
English variation of Lucia, meaning light
Mischevious elf, fairy
A person who is passive and easy going
A notorious elf
A famous elf, fairy
A forceful, forthright and dignified individual
A dear battle
Short for Laurel, one who is Honarable and Victorius
Calming, Shoothing
Woman who is a legendary warrior
A pet name for all the female names that start with "Lu"
A brave lioness
Modern variation of Lucia means light
A light hearted, understanding and hard working
An organized, able and expressive being
A day of reconsiliation, making peace
Ancestor of roman people
Cherised and adored little one
Mother of the Roman people
A meadow
A lily flower
The island Girl
Girl from the islands
A beautiful lime tree
A beautifully grown linden tree
One who is from the linden tree island
A lake where the linden trees grow
Variation of Lindsay meaning from the linden tree island
An island of lime trees
An independent and organized person
One from the island of linden trees
A linden tree
An island of lime trees
A freedom loving, quick witted person
Another name for Lincon island
A settlement by the lake
One from a town Lindsay
An Illumination
A lioness
An Arthurian Legend name
A beautiful bird
A youthful and entertaining individual
A lake, waterfall
An intensive and mature individual
A beautiful bird
A loyal and individualistic person
An island of lime trees
An island where linden trees grow
A marsh where linden grows
A town by the lake
The island where lime trees grow
From the wetland
An island of trees
A lake where the linden trees grow
Lincoln's marsh
A marsh where linden grows
Marshlands of Lincolnshire
An island of linden trees
One from the linden tree island
Wood of linden trees
One from the lime tree islands
Lincoln's marsh; island of linden trees
She is from and island of the linden trees
A Mother of Boore. An Arthurian lengend name.
The lovable one
Adorable, lovable one
Amiable, adorable person
Star of the sea; beloved one
Amable one
A girl who is easy to love and admire
The one who is loved and admired
The lovable one
A sweet, amiable person
Delightful, loved one
Infinite, endless
A divine and blessed one
One who brings joy and happiness
A gift of God
One who is God-like
Common nickname in English speaking countries for someone whose surname begins with Mac or Mc meaning son of
Given by God
Granted by God
Celtic - Son of Cionaodh; Gaelic - Son of Coinneach; Son of Kenneth;
A person who is kind and warm hearted
Hill, one who comes from the hills
From Madeline, means tower
Of Magdala, a place name that means tower
A place name, From Magdala a village in Galilee
Young; Unmarried woman; Son of the Mighty Warrior; A variant form of Madison;
A place name of town Magdala that means tower
To come from town Magdala that means tower
refers to Mary Magdalene; tower
One who is from Magdala
Son of Maud
A gift of God
A woman of Magdala
English name meaning maiden
A gift of God
One who is from the high tower
A bitter one
One who self reliant, flexible and slable minded
Young; Unmarried woman; A variant form of Maida
An unmarried, elegant and one from the high tower
A person who is charming and passionate
Form of name Madeline, meaing one who is from Magdala town
Famous; One who is well known
Feminine form of Mason, meaning stone worker
A daughter of stone worker
A mesmerising raven
She who decsends from a high tower
Young; Unmarried; Maiden; A variant of Maida
A maiden of Magdala
From the town on the coast of the sea of Galiee
She comes from the town Magdala of Galiee
The larva of the fly
One who is like a maggot
A supernatural power, an illusion
From The Flower; Name of Flower
One who looks like a pearl
A woman with the looks like a pearl
One who is compared to a pearl
Dark Red Wood
A type of a wood, a Mahogony tree
Young; Unmarried; Maiden; A variant of Maidah
A maiden from the tower town
An unmarried, virgin woman
Young; Unmarried; Maiden; A variant of Maida
A young woman who is unmarried
One who is admired
A person who has a wonderful life; great
English name for someone who is dearly loved
One who is loved deeply
One who is loved by many
One who is fast, attractive and has ideals
Compound name meaning beautiful Mary
A maiden
Feminine from Michael, meaning Who is like God?
A name from the Bible, Who is like a God?
A question "Who is like a God?"
Created Name
A land of the mountains
A star of the sea
She who is bitter, ful of bitterness
Unhappy, unfortunate one
She who has no luck
A desired, wished for child
Old French - Unhappy; Unlucky; It is a spelling variant of Mallory
The unfortunate one
The one who has no luck
English - The mallow flower; Celtic - From Mallow; Ireland; By the river Allo
From an English surname, means a wished child
One who is a renowned warrior
English - Smooth brow; Friend; Soft; A variant form of Melvina
English - Smooth brow; Friend; Soft; A variant form of Melvina
A river of bitterness
English - Smooth brow; Friend; Soft; A variant form of Melvina
A woman hardworking as a bee
A pearl-like woman
One who is worthy of being loved
One who is worthy of love
One who is worthy of being loved
Short of Amanda meaning being worthy of love
One who has intellect
Whiskey; Derived from the word Manna-hata
A bitter, sorrowful sea
A tree name, maple tree
A place name of an area in Nottingham, England
She is the star of the sea
One who drowns in the sea of bitterness
A hostile person
A battling persion
A warlike woman
A variation of name Marcus, a god of war
An admirable woman
British name for a pearl
A pearl from the sea
She who wears pearls
A form of the name Margaret, a pearl
Arthurian legend name, mother of Gawain
A child of light
A name of a saint
A pearl-like girl
A nickname for Margaret, pearl
Short for Margaret meaning pearl
A person who appreciates art and design; ambitious
The light in the sea of bitterness
Golden Flower
She is like the star of the blue sea
A heavy flow od the sea of sorrow
A torrent of the sea of bitterness
A sea of sorrow and grief
A place name of an old Normandian town Mariott
A woman who looks like a pearl
A child that was wished for
A bright sea of sadness
A medieval variation of the name Margaret, means pearl
An English version of the name Margerie
A name of a herb marjoram
A name of Greek origin meaning pearl
She who is a star of the sea
A pleasant meadow by the sea
Woman from Magdala
Woman from the tower
Girl from the meadow
She who is loved
One who is bitter; ambitious person
She who is from Magdala
A blend of Marie and Lyn
A woman from Magdala
She who is from Magdala
Bitter dwells by the torrent
An English female name
A female british name
She is a wished-for daughter
Lighthearted; Happy; Merry; A variation of Marilee
A warlike, hostile young woman
One who is traveller; a bitter individual
A mistress of the house
Marvelous; Wonderful
One who is bitter
She who is bitter
A biblical name for bitter; sea of sorrow
Combination of names Mary and Beth
A wished-for child
A sea of sorrow
One who resembles a bitter torch
A flower name
A graceful person who shares joy
Combination of names Mary and Jane
A bitter one
A shining sea
Lighthearted; Happy; Merry; A variation of Marilee
A bitter one
A famous, joyful one
Derived from Mary, mother of Jesus
A bitter girl
A combination of Mary and Lynn
Derived from Mary, meaning bitter
A bitter rose
Combination of names Mary and Susan
A girl who was a Gift of God
An English surname for the family who came from the town Manche in Normandy
A mighty warrior
God's present; Gift of God; A variant name of Matthew
A variation of Mattea, means a gift of God
One who is strong in a battle, a war mainden
One who is powerful and strong in battle
A war maiden
A woman from Magdala
An Irish Surname
She who is a mighty maiden in battle
She is the greatest woman
The greatest woman
A girl who is like a hawtorn flower
Young; Unmarried; Maiden; A variant of Maida
Young; Unmarried; Maiden; A variant of Maida
A young woman who is unmarried
Young; Unmarried; Maiden; A variant of Maida
One who is like the month of May
A Field; A variant of the name Maize; Also could be a derivative of the name of month May
One who is from the Warrior's field
A strife of wealth
A beautiful waterfall
A nickname for Margaret, means pearl
One who is strong in battle
One who is hardworking
A British girls name
Modern English name for girls
English modern girl name
One who is from a meadow
A pearl, preacious one
One who is like a meadow
Hebrew - Who is like God; A variation of Michaela
One who is the child of light; pearl
Bulgarian form of Madeline. It means from Magdala.
She who is strong in battle
A rose flower that is sweet as honey
A hard working and netriculous being
One who is fearless and daring, always having brashness and self confidence.
A person who is ethical, lonely and light hearted
Obscure, dwells in the dark places, invisibleness
A stream that rises in Melbourne
A stream that forms in the mills
One who like the blessed and gracious rain
Germanic - Hard Worker; Greek - Honey; Bee; Strong Work; Industrious; Highborn Power; Variant of Melissa
Old Greek - Honey; Bee; Hard Worker; Strong Work; A variant of Melissa
Germanic - Hard Worker; Greek - Honey; Bee; Strong Work; Industrious; Highborn Power; Variant of Melissa
Germanic - Hard Worker; Greek - Honey; Bee; Strong Work; Industrious; Highborn Power; Variant of Melissa
Germanic - Hard Worker; Greek - Honey; Bee; Strong Work; Industrious; Highborn Power; Variant of Melissa
Germanic - Hard Worker; Greek - Honey; Bee; Strong Work; Industrious; Highborn Power; Variant of Melissa
Germanic - Hard Worker; Greek - Honey; Bee; Strong Work; Industrious; Highborn Power; Variant of Melissa
Germanic - Hard Worker; Greek - Honey; Bee; Strong Work; Industrious; Highborn Power; Variant of Melissa
Sweet; Greek - Honey; Bee; Hard Worker; A variant of Melissa
Germanic - Hard Worker; Greek - Honey; Bee; Strong Work; Industrious; Highborn Power; Variant of Melissa
Germanic - Hard Worker; Greek - Honey; Bee; Strong Work; Industrious; Highborn Power; Variant of Melissa
Old Greek - Black; Dark; Highborn Power; Hard Worker; A variant form of Melanie which means Dark-Skinned
English - Melody; Song
English - Melody; Song
English - Melody; Song
A black cored flower of rose
The flat peak, horizontal top.
A diplomatic, serious minded and loving person
A sweet girl, honey bee, produce sweetness of honey
A honey bee, sweet girl, sweet as honey
The ability of recording any information and recalling at the time when needed.
One who is settled near the hill, enclosure near the hills.
One who has understanding and lovely nature
An intensive and insightful individual
Mercy; Kindness; Compassion; Benevolence; A variant of Mercy
Mercy; Kindness; Compassion; Benevolence; A variant of Mercy
Disposed to bestow favors.
Good natured, tolerance of delay or incompetence.
Refraining from acting.
Kindness; Compassion; Benevolence
A determined, preserving and happy individual
Inspiring pleasure.
A variant of Merewen which is derived from name Merewynn which means renowned joy, great pleasure, splendid delight
A joyful and merry person.
The queen or empress of war and battle
A happy or pleasant weather, a cheerful person
The diurnal birds of prey having long pointed powerful wings adapted for swift flight. Falcon.
Black Bird; Shiny sea; A Diminutive of Merle; A variant of Merrill or Muriel;
English - Merry; Lighthearted; Happy
Full of joy or producing joy.
English - Merry; Lighthearted; Happy
The magnificient marine.
Exultantly proud and joyful, in high sprits.
A merry meadow or wood, a shelter of happiness
English - Merry; Lighthearted; Happy
The twinkling ocean.
The one who is extremely happy and blissful.
The head of a tribe or clan.
The gate of boundaries, or one from the boundary gate
English - Lighthearted; Happy; Derived From Meredith
The ocean which gives extreme beauty.
Completely happy and contented.
Mercy; Kindness; Compassion; Benevolence; A variant of Mercy
The boundary of the multitude.
From a sea town; A variant form of Myrtle which is a plant name of Garden Shrub which is a symbol of Victory in Greek
From a sea town; A variant form of Myrtle which is a plant name of Garden Shrub which is a symbol of Victory in Greek
The person who is having affcetion by the general public.
Pleasurable and well known.
Latin - Blackbird; Falcon; Celtic - Sea Bright; Hebrew - Sea of Bitterness; Rebelliousness
Herdsman; Food Calf; An English Surname
Hebrew - Who is like God; A variation of Michaela
Hebrew - Who is like God; A variation of Michaela
Hebrew - Who is like God; A variation of Michaela
Hebrew - Who is like God; A variation of Michael
Hebrew - Who is like God; A variation of Michaela
Hebrew - Who is like God; A variation of Michaela
A person with mystic powers and rational mind
From the house situated near mill
A small fort or fortress
The stream off the mill
A person belongs to the land of mills
The stream of water from the mill land
Old English - Gentle Adviser; Gentle Strength; A variant of the name Mildred
Old English - Gentle Adviser; Gentle Strength; A variant of the name Mildred
A variant of the name Millicent which means hard worker in old Greek
A variant of the name Millicent which means hard worker in old Greek
A worker who grinds grain
Germanic - Hard Worker; A diminutive of Mildred; A variant form of Millicent
Germanic - Hard Worker; A diminutive of Mildred; A variant form of Millicent
A comfort lake or a lake of comfort
One who is raised in a challenging environment; traveller
Germanic - Will; Desire; Helmet; Protection; Faithful Guard; A variant form of Mina
Germanic - Will; Desire; Helmet; Protection; Faithful Guard; A variant form of Mary; A diminutive of Miriam
Germanic - Will; Desire; Helmet; Protection; Faithful Guard; A variant form of Mina
Germanic - Will; Desire; Helmet; Protection; Faithful Guard; A variant form of Mary; A diminutive of Miriam
Old Greek - Protector; Defender; A contracted form of name Araminta.
Old Greek - Protector; Defender; A contracted form of name Araminta; Collector of Thoughts
An educated and humble individual
Hebrew - God Has Spoken; To admire; Wonderful; A variant of Mira
Beloved to Amun; Star of the Sea; A variant form of Miriam
The pleasure of joy, the cheerful
A variant form of Myrtle which is a plant name of Garden Shrub which is a symbol of Victory in Greek
Particles of Water
Hawaiian - Ocean; A variant transcription is Moanna
Hawaiian - Ocean; A variant form of Moana
From the clearing with the mound; A variant form of Moberley
Combination of two words "Mehr' and "Nisa" beautiful and faithful woman.
A patient and reasonable person
An easy going and humble being
A bitter person, rebellious
A sea of bitterness
Hebrew - Sea of Bitterness; Rebelliousness; Wished for Child; Celtic - Little Mary; A variant of Mary
Old Greek - Single; Only; Monk; Hermit; To advise; To warn; A variant of name Monica
Old Greek - Single; Only; Monk; Hermit; To advise; To warn; A variant of name Monica
The one who shows right path to others
A brave spirit, an impulsive person
A dynamic and nature loving person
One who enlightens the dark nights
One who cleans the area of low wet land
An unmarried young women, a virgin girl
Celtic - Sea; Edge; Circle; Completion; Bright; White Sea Dweller; Great and Bright
Hebrew - Seen by Yahweh; Bitterness of Yahweh; God Is My Teacher
A female with the dark complexion
Beginning of Day; English - Morning
A dark colored girl
One who is settled by the moor
A happy and lucky individual; five moons
Hebrew - Taken from the water; From a French river; A variant transcription of the name Mozelle
The family name for the Lords of a manor
A person belongs to the peat land
Birth giving; A variant of Mossi
A dweller from the mill
dark-skinned person
A self reliant and peaceful person
In English it means a Shell, In French it means a small boat
From the prosperous man's peak.
From the high peak of a wealthy man
The nose-bend of the river
The nose-bend of a piece of ground
Beloved child of light, a lantern
A pleasant gift from God
An adorable, loving and independent person
unavoidable or extremely requisite
The one who's birth day is Sunday.
Protector of snow or protector of wealth.
The one who is winning the competition.
The butter made from the Sheep's milk.
The grain of the fenugreek shrub.
The glittering pearl.
The most good looking and attractive woman in the world.
The one who is very close to Nellie's heart.
The most stunning and gorgeous woman.
Woman who came from near the sea
The joyful or delightful mate.
Positive and lively buddy.
Daughter of the winner.
Merry and smiling friend.
Who belongs to the northern areas
A sserious, independent and wonderful being
A polite, easy going and fun loving person
The backward spelling of Heaven.
The newly established town
From the shrine of Saint Newelina.
A truthful and kind human being
The success of the nation.
Blend of Nichole (victory of people) and Michelle (gift from God)
The people's hero.
A bird that sings melodiously
Resembling the cinnamon tree.
Failed, Unproductive, Vain, Ineffective.
The people of triumph.
The soldier at the northern entrance.
Birthday of Christ Jesus.
Poised and graceful individual
A person who is quick minded and fertile
Beautiful and fairer in color.
The person who is graceful and moral.
The person who is wonderful and decency.
The lady who is possessing integrity and honesty.
The person who is entitled to honour and admiration.
A person who is poised and reserved
The soldier at the northern entrance.
Name od a stated; snow clas and filled with light
A generous and expressive human being
An individual who has high standards
The petal of the beautiful flowers.
An inspired and a guardian angel
A warrior queen
An entertaining, noble and kind person
The servant of Lord krishna (a Hindu deity)
South Indian variant of Mohandas that means servant of Lord Krishna.
A charming lamp or a lamp that gives a charming light.
One who cleans the oak meadows
Kind and compassionate, Lord Krishna
One who is trustworthy, One who can be loved or trusted.
The chastisement of terrific
A fun loving, great an fantastic being
A clever and nurturing human being
A good communicator who is appreciated
A spelling variation of the  Neelam or Nilam that means the Blue Sapphire.
An Alder tree that grows himself across the rivers or streams.
A willingly strong spirit and a strong and active person with a calm mind.
The neckline color is blue.
The olive plant of tree
The one from the olive tree
The olive tree
An individual who is appreciative and beloved
A patient, well behaved and strong willed person
The one who is able to fly any where.
Like the olive tree
Have resemblance with olive
The peace of the olive tree
ELF military or olive tree like.
A happy and expressive human; great mind
People of the righteous rock.
The one who was born divinely.
Good taste and generosity of spirit.
Gemstone Opal; Jewel in Sanskrit
Embellishment of Opal
The statements which were given already.
A citrus fruit, also a color
A gracious, poised and gracious being
A sociable and strong willed individual
The tiny table knife or bread-knife or bladeknife.
The citrus fruit of orange
A talente, individualistic and versatile being
A nice, impulsive and active person
A person who is excitable and friendly
A lonely, excited and graceful individual
The Noordeep  the spot of brightness.
English-American - Bear; Occia is a variant of Osha
A little young deer
An inspirational and idealistic person; very strong
An ambitious, courageous and strong person
Name of a city in Norway
A ridge; common name of a place in Norway
One who acts like a divine protector
A creative, happy and versatile person
Name of a German Goddess
A responsible and practical person; free detailed
A responsible and stable person; diplomatic
Name of an omnipotent God; has congenial nature
A preserving and strong willed person
A self improving and majestic person
A person who is like a beautiful poem
One who is like a famous warrior
A noble and famous warrior
An individual who is free detailed and clever
Another name for a man-killer
A person who is filled with enthusiasm
A habitational name for an enclosure
A Bluebird; a beautiful song of Hiawatha
An intelligent and self confident person
A fragrant and beautiful flower
A practical, logical and dignified person
Tranquil; Peaceful
Bald; A variant transcription of Patton
Middle English - Little Page; Servant, helper
Royal; Little Patrician; Little Noble
One at the big river flat; great land
One who belongs to the woods
One who is a noble white boy or a helper
Scottish - Patterned fabric; From Paisley; Scottish; Man of the church; A variant of name Paisley
A name given to church; noble and kind hearted
One who is villager or a warrior
English - Warriors Town; A variation of Paiton
They have a deep desire for independence and leadership
Honey; Sweet; All sweetness; Made from honey; Variant spelling of "Pamela."
Honey; Sweet; All sweetness; Made from honey
Honey; Sweet; All sweetness; Made from honey; Variant spelling of "Pamela."
Honey; Sweet; All sweetness; Made from honey; Variant spelling of "Pamela."
Honey; Sweet; All sweetness; Made from honey; Variant spelling of "Pamela."
One who is as sweet as honey
One who has been honeyed
A derivative from Latin word Pannus
Unique; Saint; Noble; Adviser
The individual who is the mother of God
Lots of Love; A Thai name meaning so much of love
A wonderful butterfly; thrifty individual
A variant form of Paradise which means heavenly
Ornamental Plant
One who is lighted like a flame
One who is determined and has the preserving nature
One who is the keeper of the farm
Keeper of the farmland; wonderful
Ploughman; Farmer; Son of the plough
One who speakes very good
A generous and neutral neutral individual
One who is the keeper of the park
Old Greek - Maiden; Virgin; A variant form of the English Parthenia
Old Greek - Maiden; Virgin; A variant form of the English Parthenia
One with strong desire or passion
One who is intense, positive and complete
One who is a social and friendly creature
One who belongs to a warrior's town
English - Pathway; A leading way
An original and reserved person
Latin - Noble Women; Of noble birth; A variant transcription of Patricia
Latin - Noble Women; Of noble birth; A variant form of Patricia
Latin - Noble Women; Of noble birth; A variant form of Patricia
One who is entitled to all happiness
A variant of Patty; regal and noble
Latin - Noble Women; Of noble birth; A variant form of Patricia; Female Version of Patrick;
Latin - Noble Women; Of noble birth; A variant form of Patricia; Female Version of Patrick;
Latin - Noble Women; Of noble birth; A variant form of Patricia; Female Version of Patrick;
Latin - Little; Humble; From The Name Pauline; A variant of Paul
A variant of Paul; a small being
Latin - Little; Humble; From The Name Pauline; A variant of Paul
An amusing, precise and youthful being
One from the peaceful farm
The one who is from a peaceful settlement
A person who is from peaceful town
A name for the gentleman from Windsor
Rustic villager; A variation of the name Payen
One who is multi talented and perfect individual
One who is from the fighter's estate
English - Peach; Derived from the name of the fruit, which is itself;
English - Peach; Derived from the name of the fruit, which is itself;
One who remains responsible for fellow beings
English - Pearl; Precious; A Gem Of The Sea
A precious and loving being
English - Pearl; Precious; A Gem Of The Sea; A variant form of Pearl
English - Pearl; Precious; A Gem Of The Sea; A variant form of Pearl
English - Pearl; Precious; A Gem Of The Sea; Jewel; A variant form of Pearl
One who is like the gem in the ocean
Son of Peter; Rock; Stone; Son of Pierce
One who is lives within the soft tissue
An effective and lonesome individual
Old Greek - Pearl; A contracted form of Margaret
A stable minded and serious person; responsible
Old Greek - Pearl; A variant contracted form of Margaret
A maker of wooden pegs
Old Greek - Pearl; A variant contracted form of Margaret
One who is like a precious pearl
An efficient, godly and open minded person
A likable and efficient being; loyal
One who is filled with sweetness
A diplomatic and natty individual
A realistic and warm hearted individual
It means Penny; name of a flower
Latin - Perpetual; Everlasting; A diminutive of Perpetua
Latin - Lost; A variant of Perdita
Feminine form of name Petronille
Birthstone; Yellow Green Gem; Precious Stone
A name given to the queen of fairies
English - Pearl; Precious; A Gem Of The Sea; A variant form of Pearl
English - Pearl; Precious; A Gem Of The Sea; A variant form of Pearl
One who is like a little pearl; precious jewel
One who is like a pearl
One who is of the generous nature and is dramatic
One with lot of power and energy
Son of Harry who came from Pear tree
Latin - Little; Humble; A feminine variant of Paul
One with the scientific and inventive person
A serious and studious natured person
English - A part of a flower's blossom; A variant is Petel
A variant of Petal; Resembling a Petal
Name for a small person
They are reasonable, nice and educated people
One who is like a stone or a rock
An impressing and intelligent person
A friendly and poised personality
Old Greek - Rock; Stone; A variant of Petra
Noble; Bright; Famous
An occupational name;
Shining; Pure; Brilliant; Sparkling; A variant of Phoebe
A person who is responsible and practical
Habitational name from small town in Nepal located in foothills of mount Everest
Meaning-Goddess
An intelligent and knowledgeable person
A Goddess of beauty; passionate
One who is the lover of horses; a friend
An inspirational and dramatic person
English - Phoenix
A place of domestic affection
One who lives in a refined surroundings
One who is similar to a rock or stone
One who is born to provide hope
One who is pious and devoted towards God
A ball; one who is filled with devotion and compassion
Finnish - Stone Pine; Estonian Pine
A color name, the color pink or rose
English - Pink
An English surname meaning little pine-tree
To tremble; Lover of horses; A diminutive of Philip
One who loves horses
A pipe player
One who plays the pipe
A musican playing the pipe
The God will add
She who loves horses
Germanic - Perseverant one; one who petitions; A variant form of name Pepin
English - Pleasant
A delightful, pleasing woman
An agreeable, delightful person
A pleasant, delightful woman
A charming, pleasant, friendly woman
English - Small Fruit; Name of fruit; Plumm is a variant transcription
A person who is like a peacock
Old English - Strife for wealth; spoils of war
A fish, also called an armed bullhead
Polaris is the name of the North Star; A star in tip of tail of little bear; Pole Star
Hebrew - Sea of Bitterness; Rebelliousness; Wished for Child; To swell; A diminutive of Mary
Hebrew - Sea of Bitterness; Rebelliousness; Wished for Child; To swell; A diminutive of Mary
Compound of the Names Polly and Anna; Bitter and Graceful
One who is like a fruit tree
Related to the word Pomme, which means Fruit Orchard
She is the fruit of the tree
A person who is cheerful and joyous
English - Poppy; From The Flower; A variant of name Popee
English - Poppy; From The Flower; A variant of name Popee
One who works or lives near a harbor
A woman who is like the bunch of flowers
An elegant, tasteful, fashionable woman
A bunch of flowers
Mostly used as a surname, means rock
A bundle, a bunch of flowers
A person who comes from the flatlands
A beloved, valued, cherised girl
Old English - Priest's meadow; A form of the English Presley
Old English - Priest's meadow; A form of the English Presley
A contracted form of name Prianna which means friend of horses
Friend of Horses; Feminine form of name Philip
French - Primrose; Spanish - Springtime and in Latin it means born at the beginning of Spring
The very first rose
A girl who is a princess
A girl born into royalty, a princess
One with an ancient heart
An ancient woman
An ancient or a too picky woman
English - Promise; A Pledge; A variant spelling is Promyse
English - Promise; A Pledge; A variant spelling of Promise
One who is a part of the divine government
Good Judgement; Diminutive of Prudence; Also a short form of Prunella which means Plum
A cautios, prudence one
A cautios, careful woman with good judgement
Woman who is prudent and has good judgement
Good Judgement; Diminutive of Prudence; Also a short form of Prunella which means Plum; Variant of Pru
A woman whose judgement is good
Good Judgement; Diminutive of Prudence; Also a short form of Prunella which means Plum; Variant of Pru
Spelling variant of Prin and Pryn
Spanish - Mountain Lion; A variant of Pomo and Pouma
An innocence, cleanness. A pure person
A girl whose beauty is like a pearl
One who is small like a stone
A diminutive of Euphemia, which means a good speaker
A friend of the horses, one who loves horses
A female pipe player
A very skilled female pipe player
Old English name meaning to kill, quell
Variation of Quella, means to kill
A female monarch
English name meaning essence
English girl's name
A born leader and an organizer; one who concentrates
Girl's name meaning a wife or a queen
English name meaning essence
Woman in battle
Essence, supstance
English name meaning Queen
Soul, essence
English name for girls
One who rules over majority
Woman of wisdom
She who is intelligent
A reasonable person
Fifth born daughter
A quintuplet
A little lamb, ewe
Elfin counselor
Hebrew - Ewe; A variant of Rachel
Hebrew - Ewe; A variant of Rachel
An elfin counselor
A judge or decider
A Quill
From name of the bird raven
Raven; White doe; A variant of Raeven
little star
English name for girls
Little Ruler; Kingly; A variant of Regan
English name for girls
An English name for girls
A girl's name
English name for girls
Old Norse - Goddess or Warrior; All-knowing Power
Peaceful, Queen; Strong; A derivative name from the word Rai which means Paradise
Power of counsel
A variant of Renae; A variant of Rain
A variant of Renae; A variant of Rain
A raven, a black bird
Most Beautiful; Very Attractive; Charming and Admirable; Very Desirable
English name for girls
A well protected girl
One who is safe and protected
She who is well protected
Old Norse - A house woman; A variant of Ranveig
A British girl name
A name of the black bird
A raven-like woman
A big, black bird, a raven
She who is raven-like
Black bird
One who came from the deer's spring
A noble-born woman, a lady
A combination of the names Ray and Anna
A combination of the names Ray and Anne
Hebrew - Ewe; A variant of Rachel
Small; Little; Humble; A combination of Ray and Elle
Latin - Queen; Descendant of Riagan; A variant of Regan
From the deer meadow; A variant form of Raylee
A woman who brings a beam of life into people's lives
She who is the Queen of people
A combination of names that means One who wisely guards the lake
Germanic - Counsel; Advice; Latin - Queen; A variant of Raina
One who is a redhead, mostly used as a surname
Germanic - Counsel; Advice; Welsh - Great Queen; A variation of the name Rhiannon
One who puts traps and baits people
A trap, a snare or a bait
A woman who baits men
One who makes traps
A snare or a trap maker
A woman who traps and baits
Hebrew - Cattle Stall; To Tie; Variation of the name Rebecca
A trapping, baiting woman
One who brings victory to people
A very old female name used in Medieval England
One of red skin or red hair
A woman who has redeemed herslef
A woman who comes from the red meadow
Little Ruler; Regal; Descendant of Riagan;
A reagal woman who is the Queen
A woman who is the Queen
Heather spelled backwards. A plant name that can be found in Scottish
To rule other people
One who rejoices, a joyful person
Hebrew - Cattle Stall; To Tie; Variation of the name Rebecca
A girl who was born again
A baby girl who was born again
A Medieval English name for the Queen
One who is like the Reneaissance period
To make famous; A derivative of Renomer and a Old French variant of Renom
Latin - Laughter; Old Greek - Hunter; Harvester; Guardian; Women from Therasia; A derivative of the name Theresa
A word name, meaning to celebrate, to take pleasure
One who daydreams and contemplates a lot
A person who is dark as a raven
A graceful queen
A derivative of name Rayan which means the wise one
Germanic - Counsel; Advice; Latin - Queen; A spelling variant of name Raina
Germanic - Counsel; Advice; Latin - Queen; A spelling variant of name Raina and variant of Reyna
A woman counselor of the war
From a character named Rhapsody in a British fiction
Strong Counsellor; Advisor
Hebrew - Cattle Stall; To Tie; Variation of the name Rebecca
Scandinavian - Advice; Speaker; A variant of Reta and a spelling variant is Rhetta
Scandinavian - Advice; Speaker; A variant of Reta and a spelling variant is Rheta
A regal woman
Celtic - Descendant of Rian; Welsh - Great Queen; A variant of the name Rianna
Celtic - Descendant of Rian; Welsh - Great Queen; A variant of the name Rianna
German - Name from the common river Rhin; A variant form of name Rhein
Old Greek - Rose; Woman from Rhodes; Feminine form of Roderick
Old English - Fame; Friend; Spear; Pike; White; Fair; Blessed; Holy; Fair Haired; A variant transcription of Rhonda
A woman who is good with a spear
Irish - Island Meadow; A variant spelling of Rylan
One who dwelles near the field of rye
One who lives on the rye fields
One who has a good beat, a good rhythm
A female counselor, adviser, who is very strong
Peaceful Ruler; Ruler Forever; Rich; A variant of Rica
Peaceful Ruler; Ruler Forever; Rich; A variant of Rica
One who rules with domination
A powerful and dominant ruler
Peaceful Ruler; Ruler Forever; Rich; A variant of Rica
A woman who is a powerful and strong ruler
A woman who rules people with power and strenght
Peaceful Ruler; Ruler Forever; Rich; A variant of Rica
Peaceful Ruler; Ruler Forever; Rich; A variant of Rica
Aa very old, Medieval English girl name
A medieval English name given to girls
Peaceful Ruler; Ruler Forever; Rich; A variant of Rica
Peaceful Ruler; Ruler Forever; Rich; A variant of Rica
A woman who is mighty and powerful in a battle
Peaceful Ruler; Ruler Forever; Rich; A variant of Rica
One who is a peaceful and complete ruler of men
A woman who brought victory to people
A woman who ruled peacefuly
One who rules with a wise counsel
Little Ruler; Regal; Descendant of Riagan;
Old English - Rye Field; A variant of name Riley
A leon-like companion or friend
A woman who is powerful in battle
She who is strong and powerful in battle
She is from the rye field
A courageous and brave individual
A valiant and courageous noble girl
Germanic - Small Brook; Spanish - to Sparkle; A variant form of Marilla
A long channel on a moon or planet
A small river, a current
A stream, a current
A person who dwells in the rye fields
A brave heart of a woman
One who is a tourch of light in the darkness
An individual who is clever and stable minded
One who brings victory with their strong counsel
A word name, meaning a riot, a turmoil, an uprising
One who is like a gift
Old Greek - Pearl; Way of life; A variant of name Margaret
French - Shore; Bound, Riverbank; A short form of the name Rebecca
To tear something into pieces
A word name, meaning someone who is like a river
A made up name, meaning one who is like a river
A word name, the plural of river
A woman sweet as a rose
A little red-haired and ruddy girl
One who reached fame in his life
One who glows like a burning flame
She whose fame is glowing
A woman of shinnig fame
A rare made up name, that means a woman who is known for her glow
A girl who will be famous and shinning
A young, little famous and bright one
Germanic - Bright Famous one; Famously Famous; A variation of the name Roberta
She who glows of fame
A woman whose fame is bright
She is bright and a famous woman
A little woman who is famous and bright
She is an illuminated, glowing, well-known woman
She is a glowing and well-known woman
She who is hard and strong as a rock
English - Rocket; Jet-propelled Tube
A woman who is a legendary leader
A fame that brings happiness and bliss
A woman who brings fame and bliss
A true image of a woman
To see a true image of a woman
A legendary female horse
A woman who is like a famous horse
Germanic - From the famous land; Renowned; Famous Land; A variant form of name Rolanda
She who comes from the city of Rome
A Roman young girl
A Boy from Rome
She who is from Rome
A woman who is a great counselor
One who is a healer from Rome
Welsh - Good Spear; Grand; A spelling variant of name Rhonda
A made up modern name
An english name for the baby girl
Old Greek - Bearer of victory; True image; Old Norse - Well advised ruler; A variant of Rhonda; Derived From Veronica
To give strong counsel
A beautiful rose
She is a rose
A woman soft and tender as a rose's petal
A horse who is gentle as a rose
Germanic - Horse protector; Rose of the world; Pure Rose; A variant form of name Rose
Whe who is like the wild roses
A woman who is a wild rose
A woman graceful as a rose
A favor and a grace of a rose
A gift and a grace of a rose flower
A favor and grace like a rose's
A loveliness of a rose
A rosy woman
A garden made of roses
A beautiful flower
A beautiful and gorgeous rose
A rose flower that is gracious
A rose full of favor and grace
One as gorgeous as a rose
A woman who resembles a rose
A famous rose-like woman
A sorrow,bitter rose
A bitterness and sorrow of a rose
A pure protection that the rose like woman gives
She is a protector as pure as a rose
Plural of rose. Many roses
She who is much like a rose
A flower name, the most beautiful of all
Beautiful Flower; A variant of Rose
A rose of beauty that can't be compared
A pretty little rose-like girl
A little rudy baby girl
A baby girl of red-hair
A red berried tree
Old English - Fame; Friend; Spear; Pike; White; Fair; Blessed; Holy; Fair Haired
A bright light of the sunrise
A high-born man, of royal blood
A man of noble blood
A rose-like royal girl
A noble-born rose girl
Germanic - Horse protector; Rose of the world; Pure Rose; A variant form of name Rose
A flower-like woman that resambles a rose
A rose full of grace
A woman with a charm and grace of rose
One rose from the garden
A woman who is like a red gemstone
A ruby-like person
She is a ruby
A woman who is precious like a ruby
An alcoholic dring popular with pirates
A gypsy woman
An english baby girl name
Glorious; Battle Maiden; Honoured in Battle;
A female whose fame shines
A woman who is a good friend
A friend who comes from the ford
A companion who is a vidion of beauty
A firendly neighbor woman
A neighborly, friendly woman
The great queen
She who is a great queen
Rich; Peaceful Ruler; Ruler Forever; A variant of name Rica
An eager individual who is compassionate
A queen
A kind flower
She who is as kind as a flower
An old English girl name
A place name maening rye clearing
Woman who is from the rye clearing
A person who is from the rye clearing
A female name of French and English origin
A black, sleek person
A sleek one
A black one
British girl name
A insigtful and dynamic being
One who has dynamic and strong nature
An individual who is individualistic and creative
An idealistic and fnergetic individual
A stable natured and responsible person
A reticent and amazing being
An alluring, well mannered and emotional being
A skillful, vigilant and youthful person
A yellow flower
English name meaning saffron
The Lord is gracious
Gracious is the Lord
The Lord is gracious
She who is wise
English male name
A refined, quick witted and affectionate person
English female name
A beautiful girl
Defends and helps man
Keep mankind guarded
God is merciful
One who is a saint
A jewel, a gem
A beautiful princess
A gorgeous princess
Princess in the house of the Lord
A gift from princess
Princess from the valley
A graceful princess
The Sun Goddess
One who has the best taste, mature and friendly being
A hand bag
A day in a week; Saturn's day
One who is talented, charming and pleasant individual
A Saxon woman
She who is hopeful
To breathe or to live
A sailor
Protector of the sea
The red one
Bright red
One with the red hair
A shade of red
She who is wearing red
One with a red scar
The tribe famous for sheep breedng
From the sheep or of the sheep
One who lives on the edge of the meadow
An orator or one who orates
One who is a good orator
One who is eager to discover
A princess
Gift from God
The sharp knife
A willow growing by the sea
a knife of a cutter
The bright or shining knife
The mighty or the powerful knife
Beauti of the sea
A name of a fairy
A fairy
An understanding, poised and graceful person
She who is good with swords
A self assured, naive and intellectual being; graceful
One who leads a refined life and is self satisfied
A positive, expressive and a master of charm
A very happy person
A humble, easy going and pleasant individual
A smart, honest, eccentric and humble natured person
A stable natured, responsible and calm being
Lord is gracious
A social person who has an eye for beauty
A refined, humble, lonely and charismatic individual
One who bringhs light
A sensitive, refined and reserved person
God is gracious
A jewel, a gem
A month in a year
Name given to seventh child
A musical term
A sauve, authentic and eccentric individual
Peacefulness
Security lover with a congenial nature personality
Croatian form of Cecilia, meaning blind.
Arhaic word for gift
Name meaning nuber seven
She who has heard God
British name for girls
The bright sharp knife
Lord is gracious
A shade
A word name, means shadow, darkness, shade
A locational surname, a man from wood lands
One who is a spearman. A surname
A thorny bush
She is like a thorny bush
An unruly woman
One who lives near the cfurch of the fortress
An eminent person
The graciousness of the God
The God is giving
She is a God's gift
Lily
One with many mainly sides to her
A woman from teh free city
A woman who sometimes acts like a man
A song, a carol
A woman who has her freedom
A woman who is strong a free
A woman who is free
A woman who lives life freely
She who loves fredom
A woman who loves her freedom
A charming woman who is free
A woman whose charms lie in her freedom
A free woman with many charms
She who enjoys her freedom charmingly
Woman who is free and has many charms
A woman who is from the plain fields
One who is from the plain fertile fields
A lady from the fertile valley
Blue diamond
The God's mercy is endless
One who has the power to change; interesting person
She who will defend men
One from the fairy palace
An attractive woman
Forms of shelby
Forms of shelby
Forms of shelby
From the willow farm
From the steep valley
A form of Shelley
She who is from the sloping field
A charming, daring and majestic creature
English name, a shell
A meadow on a slope
Meadow on the ledge
Old English name meaning sloped meadow
Meadow on the ledge
Meadow on the ledge
Chalk or a limestone
Landing place for limestone
London district; a name of a place
From the farm of the edge
Little woman
She who is free
She who is dear
A free woman
English name meaning coral
A costal plain
Ruler of the people
She who is very dear
She who is sweet and dear
One who is very dear and kind
One who has intense charm and sting; humble
A serious, level headed and famous person
She who feels like a burden
One who comes from the brightwood meadow
A cute name; given to a pleasant and noteworthy individual
A woman who is from the bright clearing near the wood
She who comes from the bright clearing that is next to the wood
Bright meadow
One who is from the meadw shire
One who comes from the bright meadow
A lady from the bright meadow shire
She is from the bright meadow
A high spirited, opportunist, legal and hopeful being
She who comes from the country meadow
One who comes from the meadow shire
She who comes from the bright meadow shire
A shy and quiet woman
One who is from the clearing in the woods
A surname that means a famous victory
Sibling, friendly
One who was bold in a victory
To be bold in a victory
A variant of Sicilia, a big island in south Italy
Wide meadown
A woman from the woods
Silviea is a form of Silvia and means woman of the woods.
One who is heard. A French and English girl name, while its used as a male name in Italy
She who is heard
A systematic, open minded and self sufficient individual
A word name, meaning to be candid, sincere
A state of honesty and truthfulness
A capable, a sting or charm; attracts life
A wise advice that brought victory
A trusted, reserved and talented human
She who can't see, a blind one
A happy, creative and happy individual; soft hearted
A little, dear sister
A word name. Means a female sibling
One who loves learning, an academic
To be interested in education, a scholar
A woman scholar, a woman who is an academic
She who is a scholar
She who is an academic
A thin, slender person
A gentle, delicate and dual natured individual
To be of snow, snowy
She who is wise
A happy, artistic and creative being
A feeling of comfort and peace, solace. An English word name
An enduring and affectionate individual
A girl who is like a music, a sonata
A word name. One who is like a song
A clever minded and thoughtful individual
A woman of great wisdom and knowledge
She who is like a little song
A strong woman
She whohas the wisodom
A woman of wisdom and knowledge
One who helps with her wisdom
She who posesses great knoledge and wisdom
She is wise and clever
A little wise one
She who is brigh and radiant as a light
A woman graceful like a lily flower
She has the grace of a lily flower
One who is noble like a lily flower
A word name. One who has a spade, a tool.
One who is like a bird, like a sparrow
A brilliant, bright woman
One who is like a spring
An elf woman
An upstandign woman
A beautiful and upstanding woman
She who is from a beautiful clearing in the woods
Amusing, tidy and social person
Non chalant, adorable and friendly individual
One with good business sense and artistic abilities
A considerate, responsible and reasonable person
A woman who is from the lands of stone
An organized and affectionate being
One who is like a star
She who is the star of  beauty
A crowned woman
She is a woman who wears the crown
She who has a crown on her head
A woman who is crowned
She who to whom the crown belongs
The crown is hers
The crown belongs to her
A short from Stephany, meaning the crown
One who is highly valued
A stony woman
Impetuous by nature
She who likes to tell stories
A topographic name for a tree stump
A noble woman who is like a lilly flower
She is like a lilly
Bringer of the light
One who has a good personality and is sociable
Earnest, self concerned and noble person
Woman sweet like a sugar
A desirable person with ambitious nature
One who brings charm and hope
She who is like a lily rose
She who resembles a lily
One who is like the sting of charmness
Summer time
She who is like a summer
One who comes from the summer settlement
A baby girl born in the summertime
One who is like a Sun
A day of rest. Sunday
The time of the day when the sun sets behind the horizon
A kind of a yellow flower that follows the Sun
One who has the power and strength; passionate
Sun gift
Nice weather when the sun shines
A dawn, the time when the sun rises over the horisont
The time of the day when the sun sets
Sunshine
A supreme woman
An individual who is responsible and truthful
A desirable, easy going and mature person
A girl who is like a flower rose or lily
A rose or lily-like woman
She looks like a rose or a lily
A little girl who looks like a rose or a lily
A rare version of the name Susan, meaning a rose or a lily
A dame who is like a lily flower
A dame who is like a rose
One who is like a swan
A swan-like person
A surname. Originaly a biptismal name of endearment meaning dear, sweet love
A surnname that means a sweet, dear love
A sweet loved one
A woman who is sweet and cute
She who is sweet
She who is a sweet love
A woman who is a sweet love
One of cheerful nature
One who is like an oracle
A woman who is like an oracle
A form of syvil
She is a prophetess
A woman who is an oracle, a prophetess
She who is a prohet
A woman who is a prophet
She who predicts future
She who tells the future
Wide meadow
She who comes from a wide island
She is from a very wide island
Of the wide meadow
To be from the wide island
Of wide islands
She who is of the wide island
She who lives on a wide island
A hard worker who is efficient
A dame of the woods
A woman who is like a symphony
She is one with the woods
A meadow; one who is by the riverside
She is a siren
A serious, independent and curious being
A woman from Syria
She who is from Syria
A woman who has no sight
A person who is powerful, brave and courageous
She who is as graceful as a lily flower
A wooden woman
A form of taylor
Derivative of taite which means cheerful
Form of traedum; Tata's homestead
Of ancient italian culture
One who brings happiness to other people; Cheerful one
Crown
Snow angels; snow falling at dawn
Pet form of talia; A female lamb; Last name of a person
A woman who is a palm tree
She who is a twin sister
To be someone's twin
One whose music brings joy
She whose music brings great happiness
One with sweet nature
A girl of sweet nature
One who is dark in a sweet way
One who is dark
A pet form of Tamara, which means a palm tree
She who is very sweet
A pet from Tamara, meaning a little palm tree
A cute girl with sweet personality
A pet of Tamara. Means a palm tree
A name that means a date palm tree
An indfluential and talented being
Like a palm tree
A twin sister
Variation of Tamsin, meaning a twin
One who has the power to rule and control
A fair princess
An affectionate, trustworthy and humane being
She who is from the city of Tangiers
She who is from Tangiers
God's incarnate
One who owns an estate
Derived from the name of the main goddess of Carthage
She who is tawny
Variation of the name Tara meaning the hill
One who appreciates nature and surroundings
A strange traveller who is from a foreign land
Blend of names Tara and Erin, means a hill from Ireland
One who is from a hill
Of the thunder
From an ancient roman clan
She who is born at Christmas
A twin sibling
A joyful girl
Old English surname
A thoughtful, spirited and level headed person
A practical, diligent and talented girl
A poised, affectionate and humble being
Feminine form of Taurus, the bull
A form of tawny
A Form of Taya; A variant form of name Tiyana which means from the house of Tatius
An occupational name for a tailor
A short form of taylor
A tailor
A form of tayloer
Variant of the name Taylor, occupational name, tailor
Feminine of Taylor, a tailor
Variant of the name Taylor, occupational name, tailor
A form of taylor
A form of Taylor, means tailor
A cutter; occupational name for a tailor
An optimistic and versatile individual
The rain
One with a free spirit and a beautiful mind
Embodiment of God
She who follows Christ
A tiara
A good-looking woman
One who shows restraint
Storm
One who is turbulent
A shrine
A place of gathering near the water
A fairy queen
A burnt clearing
Personication of God
A self expressive, positive and confident person
Thunder ruler
Woman who is gracious
Variation of Teresa, means to harvest
Abbrevation of Teresa, means harvest
English form of Teresa, means harvester
Thunder ruler
Variation of Trencia, a clan name
One who harvests
Variation of Teresa, means to harvest
Abbrevation of Teresa, means harvest
Pet form of Theresa, mean to reap
Old Greek - Hunter; Harvester; Guardian; Women from Therasia; A derivative of the name Theresa
Abbrevation of Teresa, means harvest
Personification of God
A graceful woman
A happy, energetic and versatile being
A type of orchid
A versatile, attractive and imaginative being
The dark one, a riven in England
Name of an island in England
A good tempered, level headed and educated being
Gift from the Lord
A well bred, educated and admirable individual
Variation of the name Staphanie
A hesitant, emotional and relaxed individual
A level headed, individualistic and rational individual
A gracious, approachable and gentle person
A divine gift
An experienced, responsible and outgoing person
One who likes to travel and has energy
An optimistic, reasonable and noble being
Girl who is brave
Feminine form of Thomas, a twin
Variation of the name Thomas, a twin
Meadow of thunder
One with thornes
The peaceful mother earth
Manifestation of God
An aunt, daughter born to royalty
Abbrevation of Tatiana, queen of fairies
An aunt, daughter born to royalty
Crowned
Crowned
Variation of Tatiana, a queen of fairies
She who made an oath to God
Follower of the Christ
A woman from Tivoli
A kid of or the offspring of something
A kid goat, or a gift from God
The time of the grace and beauty
A fiery of frightened girl
Something pretty or of ornamental
The combination of tiger and Lily flower
The power of a tigress
From the river
In English it means Good person. In German it means mighty in battle
One who is from the valley of fertile land
The tiel trees or lime trees
One who belongs to the Tiln village
The lake or reservoir in midst of timber trees
A quality of a sound, a timbre of a voice or music
An instrument for music
A Christian girl; She who follows Christ
A follower of God
Sounds that the bell make.
One who follows Christ
The glorious and beautiful
One who is bashful or shy
A fence or a hedge
A small or a little one
From the clan of Roman empire
Responsible for the wardrobe of royal or nobles
A strong will or will-power
Aristocrat
One who has a strong will power
A type of frustrated behaviour
Moderate, trustworthy and tender individual
A kind, affectionate and encouraging perosn
One who is highly praised and priceless
One who cant be priced
Who is worth of many praises
A tolerant, diligen and elegant individual
Unselfish, lonely and analytical person
Who belongs to the place or Thracians
Thracius' place
Who hails from the place of Thracius
A girl from the Thracius
A black women who strives to educating the superstitious community
The images of a journey
Gushing waters
The river Trent, swift river
Trent's town
delicate, fairylike or a sophisticated girl
A woman with long hair
A girl from the big farm
A mark left by he passing of someone, a trail left
A noble daughter of a bald man
The third niece, pretty
A noble girl. From high family
An agitated noise or outcry, Arthurian knight
A rhyming noise, full of sorrows
A virgin girl, a pure girl
A virtuous pure virgin girl
One with the truth of whole heart
A person who always speak the truth
Faithful man
A generous and friendly individual
A reticent, independent and intellectual being
A persevering and diligent worker; leaping water
A reticent and studious human being
A large area in Northern lands with no trees
Unsophisticated, original and naive person
A self assertive, nurturing ans untiring person
One who is the Knight's companion; shield protector
Lathe worker
Variation of an English name 'Twyla' which means Woven
It is derived from Lily; a beautiful flower
Dusk or nightfall.
A young, tender and attractive person
Manifestation of God.
A nonconforming and naive individual
The land of prayer
Prosperous
The one who lives in the city
Truth
Diminutive of Veronica. It means true image.
Bulgarian form of Victoria, meaning victory.
A pale and fair woman.
The wagon maker.
A woman from the west.
The first born daughter.
Winter season
Bright; Youthful; Vibrant person with youthful energy
A variant of Oletha. It means light or nimble.
Feminine of Ives, meaning archer's bow.
Archer; Yew Wood; Yew wood was used for bows;
One who has great energy; A very enthusiastic man; A passionate Man
From the highest point; The Very Top; Highest point on the celestial sphere
Hebrew - Shadow;
Hebrew - Bird; Derived from the element 'Tsippowr' which means bird. The name was borne by the wife of Moses in the Bible
Old Greek - Life; A variant form of name Zoe